CD4 and GHOST(3)-engineered to express stably CD4 and the chemokine receptors CCR1, CCR2b, CCR3, CCR5, or CXCR4, or the orphan receptors BOB/gpr15 or Bonzo/STRL33/TYMSTR.

On the contrary, HLA-Bw4-80 T was reduced in both HLA-B,51(-) BD patient cohorts.

The restricted peptide binding of certain HLA-C alleles provides one explanation for the reduced expression of HLA-C molecules at the cell surface.

Treatment of the cells with recombinant human interferon alpha for 3 days increased the expression of HLA-ABC antigens by 50-150 % indicating that at least some of the reduced HLA-ABC expression could be due to decreased synthesis of HLA-ABC antigens.

As the result of these events, HLA-A and/or HLA-B allele mismatch reduced overall survival remarkably in both standard-risk and high-risk leukemia cases, whereas the HLA-C mismatch or HLA-class II (DRB1 and/or DQB1) mismatch did not.

While transgenic expression of HLA-Cw4 on pEC reduces NK cell adhesion and cytotoxicity, co-expression with HLA-Cw3 is not sufficient to completely overcome human NK-mediated cytotoxicity in vitro.

Blocking the interaction between HLA-C and-E and their corresponding inhibitory receptors increased NK cell killing of T-cell blasts infected with HIV strains that reduced MHC class I molecules.

Our findings show that B cells and resting T cells from HLA-B8+, DR3+ subjects express markedly reduced levels of Fas compared with those isolated from HLA-B8-, DR3+ individuals.

These findings suggest that compared to HLA-B,3501, a reduced intracellular peptide repertoire for HLA-B,3503 could contribute to its slower intracellular trafficking and stronger association with rapid AIDS progression.

Furthermore, class II MHC surface expression was reduced in DCs from B27-transgenic rats, and this could be linked to differences in class II MHC-induced apoptotic sensitivity.

In MLRs, March8-/-, but not MHCIIKRKI/KI, CD4+ T cells had reduced reactivity to both self- and allogeneic MHC II.

In conclusion, although soluble MICA/B are produced from both HCC and premalignant cirrhotic livers, therapeutic intervention for HCC can reduce the levels of soluble MICA and thereby upregulate the expression of NKG2D.

We next asked whether these same molecular features of the HLA-A2 molecule would be recognized by hapten-specific HLA-A2-restricted TCRs, given that hapten-specific T cells frequently show reduced MHC dependence/restriction.

Functional assays using HLA-A2-restricted cytotoxic T-cell clones were performed in HLA-A2 deficient MM cultures and revealed a drastically reduced susceptibility to CTL lysis in HLA-A2 negative cells.

CD8+ T-cell responses to HLA-A2-associated EBV epitopes were significantly reduced in individuals coexpressing HLA-B7.

As a paradigm, we analyzed the reactivity of a Melan-A/MART-1-specific and HLA-A2-restricted CD8(+) T cell clone to either soluble or solid-phase presented peptides, including the naturally processed and presented Melan-A/MART-1 peptide AAGIGILTV or the peptide analog ELAGIGILTV presented either by the HLA-A2 wild-type (wt) or mutant (alanineright arrowvaline aa 245) MHC class I molecule, which reduces engagement of the CD8 molecule with the HLA-A2 heavy chain.

Memory CD8(+) T cells stimulated with AT-SCT presented on MHC class I/II-null cells show reduced cytokine production, slower kinetics of TCR downregulation, and decreased cell death compared with native nonamer MHC class I single-chain trimer (SCT)-activated T cells.

In particular, downregulation of MHC-I molecules at the cell surface can reduce the ability of CD8+ T cells to recognize viral peptides presented by MHC-I molecules and thereby delay viral clearance by CD8+ T cells.

We hypothesize that these features restrict the peptides bound by HLA-C molecules and in this manner reduce the efficiency of HLA-C assembly and expression at the cell surface.

On the other hand, a single amino acid change in exon 3 of MICA (M129V) has been shown to strongly reduce MICA binding to NKG2D, an activating natural killer receptor expressed also on T cells, and this could have significant effects on autoimmune reactions.

NCRs specific for classical and non-classical MHC class I proteins, expressed in complex patterns of inhibitory and activating isoforms on overlapping, but distinct, subsets of NK cells, play an important role in immunosurveillance against cells that have reduced MHC class I expression as a result of infection or transformation.

Increasing membrane-bound MICA (mMICA) in cancer cells by reducing MICA sheddases facilitates natural killer (NK) cell-mediated cytotoxicity.

, 5-O-methyl-2-deprenylrheediaxanthone B (3), is a potent inhibitor of MHC that efficiently reduces HLA-E, MHC-II, and MICA biomolecules on cell surfaces.

Disulfiram elevated membrane-bound MICA levels and reduced production of soluble MICA, an immunological decoy, while simultaneously not having unfavorable off-target effects on natural killer cells and normal human hepatocytes.

Functionally, we found that a low prevalence of BKPyV reactivation was associated with elevated anti-MICA sensitization and reduced plasma level of soluble MICA in recipients, 2 potential effector mechanisms.

On the other hand, MHC class I chain-related protein A and B (MICA/B) in soluble forms may impair tumor immunogenicity by reducing Natural Killer Group 2 D (NKG2D) densities on NK cells and MMP9 enzyme activity has a prominent role in shedding of MICA/B.

Conflicts between TAPs and MHC preferences for COOH-terminal peptide residues in rodent cells strongly reduce the efficiency of MHC class I antigen presentation.

From a set of known MHCp structures we identified 21 critical polymorphic functional residue positions (CPFRP) that significantly reduced functional pocket variability to just 189 among 212 HLA-A alleles.

The aberrant HLA-E expression might be of particular biological relevance in those HLA tumor phenotypes that express a single HLA-A allele when NK inhibition is markedly reduced due to the downregulation of HLA-B and-C alleles.

The R1Y variant, a potential vaccine candidate, alters the positions of MHC charged side chains near the peptide N-terminus and significantly reduces the peptide/MHC electrostatic surface potential.

Further, deep-sequencing and immunoprecipitation assays revealed allelic lineage-specific methylation patterns within the HLA-A promoter region where increased DNA methylation levels correlated significantly with reduced HLA-A expression levels (R = 0.89, P = 3.7 × 10 (- 9)).

B27 cells and mouse fibroblasts expressing HLA-B27, the absence of ERAP1 reduced peptide recognition by HLA-B27-restricted KK10-specific CTLs following infection with recombinant vaccinia virus or transfection with minigenes expressing KK10 precursors.

Bulk lymphocyte cultures of purified T cells primed to an autologous variant EBV-LCL that fails to express HLA-class II and has reduced cell surface HLA-class I expression, and oligoclonal TCR-gamma delta-bearing lines derived from them, could lyse both this EBV-LCL and an independently derived, class II expressing autologous variant EBV-LCL that bears no HLA-A,-B, or-C, suggesting the presence of additional HLA-like restriction elements.

We observed that HLA-B,27:03, a disease-associated HLA-B27 subtype, showed a significantly reduced ability to form homodimers compared with all other allotypes, including the non-disease-associated/protective allotypes HLA-B,27:06 and HLA-B,27:09.

Polymorphism in a key Ets-binding site of the NK promoter has generated HLA-C alleles that lack significant promoter activity, resulting in reduced HLA-C expression and increased functional activity.

Individuals with HLA-C variants with a predominance of immunologically active conformations would display stronger immunity to HIV-1 reduced viral infectivity and effective control of HIV-1 infection, while subjects with HLA-C variants that easily dissociate from β2 microglobulin/peptide would have a reduced immunological response to HIV-1 and produce more infectious virions.

MHCII lysosomal localization was corroborated by treatment with the lysosomolytic agent glycyl-L-phenylalanine-β-naphthylamide, which reduced the number of MHCII-positive vesicles.

Moreover, at this time of peak MHC II expression, inhibition of MHC II reduced Treg adhesion, demonstrating an unexpected role for MHC II in Treg attachment to the endothelium.

In mixed leukocyte co-culture, MHC I((neg)) cells showed reduced cell death and leukocyte proliferation compared to MHC I((pos)) cells.

Additionally, CD8 MART1 TCRbright T cells were detected in the spleens of mice transplanted with HLA-A2+ thymi but were significantly reduced in the spleens of mice transplanted with swine or HLA-A2- thymi.

Each TAP inhibitor reduced surface expression of MHC-Ia molecules but did not reduce surface MHC-E expression.

HLA-B,57:01 screening, combined with patch testing, had clinically predictive value and cost-effective impact in reducing the incidence of abacavir-induced HSR regardless of the HLA-B,57:01 prevalence in the population.

In contrast, the PF of HLA-A,2601 was not increased in patients with HLA-B,5101 (14.6 % vs.

Similar allelic frequency distribution and HLA associations were found as those previously reported for sporadic NPC: protective effect for HLA-A,1101 and increased risk for HLA-A,0207, HLA-A,3303, HLA-B,3802, and HLA-B,5801.

When this cohort of epithelial ovarian cancer patients was compared with healthy Swedish donors, the frequency of HLA-A1 and HLA-A2 gene/phenotype appears, although not statistically significant, to be increased in patients with ovarian carcinoma, while HLA-A3 was decreased.

The results showed that in comparison with the control group, the gene frequence of HLA-A26, B56 and DR9 increased significantly, but the gene frequence of HLA-A30, A33 and B58 allele frequency decreased significantly for patients with ALL.

The HLA-B51 and HLA-DR2 levels were significantly increased in hypertrophic cardiomyopathy patients compared to controls, whereas HLA-A19, HLA-B7, and HLA-DR4 were decreased when compared to the controls.

Patients carrying HLA-B,15:02 are at strongly increased risk for CBZ-induced Stevens-Johnson syndrome/toxic epidermal necrolysis (SJS/TEN) in populations where HLA-B,15:02 is common, but not CBZ-induced hypersensitivity syndrome (HSS) or maculopapular exanthema (MPE).

By contrast, in a north-to-south direction, we found a decreasing trend for the HLA-A3 and HLA-A11 ligands (P = 0.012) and an increasing trend for the HLA-B ligands carrying the Bw4 epitope (P = 0.0003) and the Bw4 Ile80 epitope (P = 0.0005).

The frequency of HLA-A∗33:03:01G was increased in persistent HBV infection group (P value is 0.028), while frequency of HLA-B∗13:01:01G was increased in HBsAg clearance group (P value is 0.0004).

Haplotypes HLA-A,11:01-C,08:01 could increase susceptibility to CHC, while HLA-B,13:01-C,03:04 could be protective against CHC in the Chinese Han population.

According to the FDA-approved drug label for carbamazepine, testing for HLA-B,15:02 should be done for all patients with ancestry in populations with increased frequency of HLA-B,15:02, prior to initiating carbamazepine therapy (Table 1).

Disparity for HLA-A or HLA-B antigens increases the risk of marrow graft rejection, but the relevance of HLA-C is unknown because typing methods have not been sufficiently accurate for clinical use.

Features that distinguish the B,7301 heavy chain from other HLA-B heavy chains include multiple substitutions in the alpha 3 domain and a duplication-deletion within the transmembrane region that increases the length of B,7301 compared to other HLA-B heavy chains.

The frequencies of HLA-Bw52, DRB1,1502, DRB5,0102, DQA1,0103, DQB1,0601 and DPB1,0901 alleles were significantly increased and the frequencies of HLA-Bw54, DRB1,0405, DRB4,0101, DQA1,0301, DQB1,0401 alleles were significantly decreased.

The increase in the level of HLA-ABC expression after IFN-alpha treatment is mostly accounted for by the increase in the expression of a subset of HLA molecules, detected by the monoclonal antibody YT76 including HLA-B molecules.

In insulin-dependent patients there was a decrease in the frequency of HLA-B7 (relative risk 0.226, P = 0.001) and an increase in the frequencies of HLA-B8 (relative risk 1.91, P = 0.031), B12 (relative risk 2.22, P = 0.01) and B15 (relative risk 2.04, P = 0.019) compared with blood donors.

In both patient groups HLA-A,11 and-A,29 had an increased frequency and HLA-A,31 and-A,30/31 were decreased.

The incidence of the haploids HLA-AIB7,-A2B18,-A2, Bw35,-A3Bw35,-A1Cw3,-A2Cw3 has been significantly increased and the haploids HLA-A1B8,-A2B5,-A2B7,-A2Cw2,-B12Cw4,-B27, Cw2 significantly decreased compared with normals.

In the multivariate regression model, HLA-B,27 was associated with a higher enthesitis score (β = 4.24 [ 95 % confidence interval { 95 % CI} 0.02, 8.46 ]), and the interaction between HLA-B,27 and PsA duration was statistically significant, showing an increasing effect of HLA-B,27 with longer PsA duration (β = 4.62 [ 95 % CI 1.38, 7.86 ]).

saprophyticus exhibited a considerable increase in MICB when compared to the planktonic forms, with an increase of more than 32 times in the MICB of some drugs.

Among the 153 HLA-B,58:01 carriers with chronic renal insufficiency (CRI), the incidence of SCARs doubled to 6.5 % and further increased to 40 %, 30 %, and 37.5 % in the presence of HLA-B75, DR13 homozygosity, or DR14, respectively.

Next-generation sequence-based typing of HLA in 5, 649 members of the general population replicated the significant difference of HLA-B allele distribution and the significant increase of the HLA-B,54:01 allele in whole NAFLD.

We also identified an unreported structural change in HLA-B,57 : 1 using the phage display method, whereby abacavir increased the expression of peptide-deficient HLA-B,57 : 1 on the cell surface.

The data presented indicate that HLA-C genotypes are important determinants of conjunctival scarring in trachoma and that KIR2DL2/KIR2DL3 heterozygosity further increases risk of conjunctival scarring in individuals carrying HLA-C2.

A single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) 35 kb upstream of the HLA-C gene locus (- 35 C/T) was previously shown to correlate with increased HLA-C expression and improved control of HIV-1.

When combinations of KIR genes and their HLA ligands were considered, there were significant decreases in frequencies of both KIR2DL2 and KIR2DL3 in homozygotes for their ligand HLA-C1, and an increase in the frequency of KIR3DL1 and its ligand HLA-Bw4 in kidney cancer patients compared with controls.

In NSCLC, the Ile80 form of HLA-Bw4 was decreased in KIR3DL1+ HLA-Bw4+ patients, whereas in SCLC the Ile80 form was increased and the Thr80 form decreased in KIR3DS1+ HLA-Bw4+ patients.

A striking finding is that the risk of psoriasis for smokers with HLA-Cw6 increased about 11-fold than non-smokers without HLA-Cw6, and the risk increased some 20-fold in individuals with HLA-Cw6 having stressful life events compared with one without HLA-Cw6 and stressful life events.

With respect to HLA-C alleles, individuals with AS showed an increased frequency of HLA-Cw02.

We confirmed the positive role of HLA-Cw6 as a predictor of the response to ustekinumab and discovered that presence of the GG genotype on the IL12B rs6887695 SNP and absence of the AA genotype on the IL12B rs3212227 SNP significantly increase the probability of therapeutic success in HLA-Cw6 positive patients.

Additionally, when HLA-ABC expression was examined as a function of 2 H4 staining intensity, it was found that, for the CD4+ fraction, the greatest increase in HLA-ABC expression occurred between the 2 H4int and 2 H4- stages.

Nevertheless, NK cells were able to sense alterations of HLA-C expression demonstrated by increased antiviral activity when exposed to viral strains with differential abilities to downmodulate HLA-C.

DM catalyzes peptide loading, whereas DO, an MHCII substrate mimic, prevents DM from interacting with MHCII, resulting in an altered MHCII-peptide repertoire and increased MHCII-CLIP.

Studies here demonstrate that STING signaling in nonhematopoietic cells promoted MHC-matched aHSCT-induced GVHD and that STING agonists increased type I interferon and MHC I expression in nonhematopoietic mouse intestinal organoid cultures.

MICA expression is increased on plasma cells from MGUS patients compared with normal donors, whereas MM patients display intermediate MICA levels and a high expression of ERp5, a protein disulfide isomerase linked to MICA shedding (sMICA).

Prevalence of HLA-A2-restricted CD8+ T cells specific for TALpep was increased in PBMC of HLA-A2+ MS patients, as compared with HLA-A2- MS patients, HLA-A2+ other neurological disease patients, and HLA-A2+ healthy donors.

HLA-A,0201/TALpep tetramers detected increased frequency of TAL-specific CD8+ T cells, and precursor frequency of TAL-specific IFN-gamma-producing T cells was increased in each of seven HLA-A2+ MS patients tested.

HLA-A24/survivin-2B80-88 tetramer analysis revealed that there existed an increased number of CTL precursors in peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC) of HLA-A24(+) cancer patients, and in vitro stimulation of PBMCs from six breast cancer patients with survivin-2B80-88 peptide could lead to increases of the CTL precursor frequency.

Pre-treatment of an HLA-A0201(+) acute myeloid leukemia cell line THP-1 with chidamide and/or decitabine increased sensitivity to purified CTLs that recognize PRAME(100-108) or PRAME(300-309) peptide presented by HLA-A0201.

The construction of single-chain MHC class I molecules in which the peptide, β(2)-microglobulin, and MHC heavy chain are all joined together via flexible linkers increases peptide-MHC stability.

Most important, using HLA-A,0201 pentamer analysis we could detect increased ex vivo frequencies of CD8(+) T-lymphocytes specifically recognizing HER-2(9(828)) in 8 out of 20 HLA-A,0201(+) HER-2/neu (+) breast cancer patients.

Despite the fact that the cell surface expression level of HLA-C on both uninfected and HIV-infected cells is lower than those of HLA-A and-B increasing evidence suggests an important role for HLA-C and HLA-C-restricted CD8+ T cell responses in determining the efficiency of viral control in HIV-1-infected individuals.

The addition of peptides which can bind to the HLA-B,57∶01-abacavir complex and to HLA-B,58∶01 during the induction phase increased the proportion of HLA-B,58∶01 allo-reactive T cell clones from 5 % to 42 %.

A favorable effect of HLA-C allelic compatibility on early liver graft acceptance was found because acute rejection significantly increased in transplants performed with 2 HLA-C allele mismatches (P=0.

In patients with microsatellite stable tumors, survival was reduced in association with the MICA-TM A4 allele (p = 0.006) and MICA-TM A9 allele (p = 0.034), but increased in patients showing the MICA-TM A5 allele (p = 0.042).

It also led to an elevated expression of heat shock protein 70 (HSP70) and transcription factor Sp1, and increased the binding of transcription factors Sp1 and heat shock transcription factor 1 (HSF1) to the MICA/B promoter, resulting in increased expression of MICA and MICB.

These important variations in MICB expression among normal individuals could imply a significant difference in the natural immune response against infections or tumor transformation, and might thereby contribute to an increased aberrant immune response against self cells, providing the molecular basis for the associations of the MICB gene to different autoimmune diseases.

MICA and ULBP2 expression decrease with increasing WHO grade of malignancy, while MICB and ULBP1 are expressed independently of tumour grade.

The haplotype analysis revealed that MICA,008-HLA-B,13-Cw,0602 and MICA,010-HLA-B,4601-Cw,01 were significantly increased in both Types I and II, whereas MICA,002-HLA-B,38-Cw,07 (1-3) and MICA,017-HLA-B,57-Cw,0602 were elevated only in Type I.

However, unlike MICA,002 in which the difference was a result of the absence of MICA,002 heterozygotes, the MICA,008 association may be caused by an increased frequency of MICA,008 homozygosity in patients (58 % vs.

Hypoxia decreased the expression of cell surface MICA only without increasing the secretion of soluble MICA, which is produced by proteolytic cleavage of cell surface MICA.

Hypoxia induced the expression of hypoxia-inducible factor-1α (HIF-1α), and knockdown of the expression of HIF-1α using small interfering RNA increased the expression of cell surface MICA and concomitantly increased the level of soluble MICA.

The present results indicate that hypoxia downregulates the expression of cell surface MICA without increasing the level of soluble MICA in a HIF-1α-dependent manner and suggest that the effects of hypoxia are not linked to the hypoxia-induced reduction of NO production.

IFN-γ promoted surface MICA expression in corneal epithelium and increased soluble MICA levels in a dose-dependent manner.

VPA at 0.5 and 1.0 mM induced acetylation of histones bound to MICA and B gene promoters increased cell-surface but not soluble MICA and B, and augmented the susceptibility of osteosarcoma cells to NK cell-mediated cytotoxicity.

This monoclonal antibody (7 C6) has been previously shown to be able to specifically target MICA/B a3 domain on tumor cells, resulting in the increase in cell surface MICA/B expression by inhibition of their shedding.

2-Deoxy-D-glucose, which inhibits N-linked glycosylation, reduced the cell-surface expression of MICA under normoxia, while D-Mannose increased N-glycosylated MICA, increasing cell-surface MICA under hypoxia.

2-Deoxy-D-glucose, which inhibits N-linked glycosylation, reduced the cell-surface expression of MICA under normoxia, while D-Mannose increased N-glycosylated MICA increasing cell-surface MICA under hypoxia.

In MICA/B-positive cell lines, the increase in MICA/B expression was dependent on VPA concentration.

Bi-Tg TRAMP/MICB mice exhibited a markedly increased incidence of progressed carcinomas and metastasis, whereas TRAMP/MICB.

Using the HLA-Bw6 specific monoclonal antibody 2 BC4, an even higher increase of the HLA-B7 antigen (up to 12-fold) could be observed.

HLA-B7 HLA-A3 co-transfected L cells express relatively low level of HLA class I molecules, expression of both however was significantly increased after treatment with murine INF-alpha, the augmentation being more accentuated for HLA-B7 molecules.

We thus sought to broaden the existing pool of registered unrelated donors based on analysis that eliminating the expression of the HLA-A increases the chance for finding a donor matched at HLA-B,-C, and-DRB1 regardless of a patient\s race.

The best CPLs displayed enhanced affinity for MHC increasing MHC stability and prolonging recognition by Ag-specific T cells and, most importantly, they induced accelerated expansion of antitumor T cell frequencies in vitro and in vivo as compared with the native epitope.

The HLA-A,02 and-A,03 were observed increased frequencies in patients less than 50 % hair loss, and HLA-B,27 equally in patients of 50-99 % hair loss, alopecia totalis and alopecia universalis.

Individuals with HLA-B,4601, which is in linkage disequilibrium with HLA-A,0207, had an increased risk for NPC (OR = 1.8, 95 % CI = 1.2 to 2.5) as did individuals with HLA-A,0207 and HLA-B,4601 (OR = 2.8, 95 % CI = 1.7 to 4.4).

Our data contrast with results we obtained previously with HLA-B7 in that an aspartic acid at position 116 abrogated chaperone association for HLA-A68, whereas it increased association for HLA-B7.

In addition, this significantly high incidence of HLA-B,51 was found to be caused by an increase in both the HLA-B,5101 and HLA-B,5108 alleles.

These results imply that the real disease susceptibility gene involved in the development of Behçet\s disease is the HLA-B,51 allele itself and that the significant increase of the MIC-A009 allele in the patient group results secondarily from a strong linkage disequilibrium with HLA-B,51.

Interest in HLA-C molecules has increased significantly in recent years, since it has been shown that HLA-C molecules both can present peptides to cytotoxic T lymphocytes (CTL) and in addition are able to inhibit natural killer (NK)-mediated lysis.

Typing for additional loci in the HLA-A to HLA-DPB1 region increased the number of recognized Hutterite MHC haplotypes to 67, and further localized the site of crossover in 9 of 15 recombinant haplotypes.

Cell surface HLA-B7 increased 10-to 17-fold on T cells and on a subset of thymocytes from HLA-B7/B2M doubly transgenic mice compared to HLA-B7 singly transgenic mice.

This study revealed that B,51 allelic distribution in Japanese was different from those in Italian and Saudi Arabian populations, and that the significantly high incidence of the HLA-B51 antigen in the Japanese BD patient group was mostly caused by the significant increase of the HLA-B,5101 allele.

Molecular analysis of HLA-A2 alleles showed an increase in HLA-A,0207 and a decrease in HLA-A,0203 in type I psoriasis.

A study performed on Venezuelans reveals a correlation between the common Caucasoid linkage group HLA-A1 B8 (A,0101, B,0801, DR3-) and increased lymphoproliferative activity stimulated by several concentrations of phytohemagglutin and concanavalin A in comparison to the group of persons possessing either the HLA-A1 (A,0101) antigen or the HLA-B8DR3 (B,0801DRB1,03012) haplotype.

A further comparison of lymphocyte population and subpopulation counts in peripheral blood and serum Ig GAM levels in the HLA-A1+ B8+ versus the HLA-A1-B8-high-responder individuals revealed increased CD16 cell counts and IgM levels in persons with the common Caucasoid haplotype (HLA-A1 B8).

Statistical analyses of the associated genetic markers revealed that the HLA-Bw54 was the allele that showed primary association with silicosis and the frequencies of the C4 and HLA-DQ alleles were suggested to be increased due to their linkage disequilibrium with the HLA-Bw54.

Although greater diversity is seen in the 5 \ " variable" exons of HLA-B compared to HLA-A, there is increased heterogeneity in the 3 \ " conserved" exons of HLA-A compared to HLA-B.

Trimming of MHC I-bound precursors by ERAP1/2 increases the conformational stability of MHC I/peptide complexes.

Our results indicated that the relative risk (RR) for HLA-B27+/HLA-B60- was 152 (95 % CI 91 to 255) and it increased to 201 (95 % CI 85 to 475) in HLA-B27+/HLA-B60+ patients (with HLA-B27-/HLA-B60- as reference).

Furthermore, homozygosity for the associated allele at MHC S (+ 1243) increased the risk of disease over that for carriage of HLA-Cw6 alone (OR = 9.

In this study, we deepen the understanding of HLA-C and Env association by showing that HIV-1 specifically increases the amount of HLA-C free chains, not bound to β2m, on the membrane of infected cells.

The MHC II molecule expression of cells incubated with rHcEF-1α was increased significantly, whereas MHC-I was not changed as compared to the control groups (PBS control and pET32a).

and 2) on histology, increased cross-sectional area of myosin heavy chain (MHC) type IIa fibers and tended to increase cross-sectional area of MHC type IIb fibers in the protrusive muscle and of MHC IIx fibers in the retrusors.

Eleven cases constituted the high MHC I group, four constituted the low MHC I group, six comprised the decreased MHC I group, and two comprised the increased MHC I group.

Endothelial activation induces de novo expression of MHC class II molecules and increases surface expression of MHC class I, ICAM1 and VCAM1, which are all co-localized together.

In this process, Rab39a promotes the delivery of MHC-I molecules from the endoplasmic reticulum (ER) to phagosomes, and increases the levels of peptide-empty MHC-I conformers that can be loaded with peptide in this compartment.

However, removing major histocompatibility complex class II (MHCII) from LysM+ or CD11c+ cells increased MuHV-4 replication not in those cells but in type 1 alveolar epithelial cells, which lack MHCII, LysM, or CD11c.

MHC isoform analyses in the soleus also revealed a 1.2-fold increase in MHC I (p\240\=\240\.

Gel electrophoresis showed loss in myosin heavy chain (MHC), and a resulting increase in cross-linked MHC (CL-MHC) and larger protein polymers in samples added 4 MC.

Also, we evaluated the impact of intermittent β-blockade on β-MHC expression in mice with systolic dysfunction, in which an increased β-MHC expression occurs.

In sum, these novel findings suggest that the MHC-II locus may increase susceptibility to PD through presentation of pathogenic, immunodominant antigens and/or a shift toward a more pro-inflammatory CD4+ T cell response in response to specific environmental exposures, such as pyrethroid exposure through genetic or epigenetic mechanisms that modulate MHC-II gene expression.

The ability to generate T cells that recognize multiple cryptic epitopes was MHC-haplotype dependent, including increased potential via heterologous MHC class II dimers.

Interestingly, the effect of Foxp3 regulation of MHC class I transcription is cell type specific: Foxp3 increases MHC class I expression in T cells but represses it in epithelial tumor cells.

TLR-activation led to a down-regulation of MARCH1 ubiquitin ligase which prevents the degradation of MHC-II and decreased IL-10 also contributed to an increase in MHC-II.

Cell-surface MHCI expression was increased on cortical TEC in the conditional Foxa1Foxa2 knockout thymus, and MHCII expression was reduced on both cortical and medullary TEC populations.

Th1 and Th17 cells also increased the level of MHC class I expression in human retinal pigment epithelial (RPE)-1 cells, while Th1 cells increased the frequency of MHC class II-expressing RPE-1 cells.

Finally, we report that PV patients\ lymphocytes and monocytes display lower levels of closed (W6/32+) MHC-I conformers at the cell surface while exhibiting increased amounts of open (HC-10+) MHC-I conformers.

Following treatment with IFN-γ, both CIC enriched and non-enriched TC-1 cells expressed similar levels of MHC-I, and the increased MHC-I expression on CICs resulted in greater CTL-mediated tumor lysis and improved tumor-free survival in mice.

In vitro stimulations of PBMCs from 5 HLA-A24(+) synovial sarcoma patients with K9I peptide increased the frequency of T cells reacting with both HLA-A24/K9I peptide tetramer and HLA-A24/B peptide tetramer.

In patients with primary drug-resistant HIV-1 isolates, the frequency of HLA-B,13 was not increased and HLA-B,13 did not correlate with CS mutations 436 R or 431 V.

Our findings confirm that HLA-B,1403 is the only factor to increase the risk of AS in a sub-Saharan African population, whereas HLA-B27 was virtually absent in patients with AS.

Analysis of HLA-B genotype revealed that carriers of known HIV-resistant alleles such as HLA-B,5701, B,5801, and alleles of B27 antigenic group were not increased in frequency, but that HLA-B,1507 was increased in the cohort (6.25 % vs.

HHV8 has recently been discovered to escape HLA-class-I-restricted antigen presentation to cytotoxic T lymphocytes by increasing endocytosis of MHC class I chains from the cell surface, thus enabling latent infection and immune escape in primary and chronic infection.

, peptide-loaded) MHC II while increasing levels of immature MHC II, which are functionally incompetent because of their association with the invariant chain.

Women in the MHC/WHC arm were more likely to report increases in relationship equity, relative to those in the CHC arm, and had a higher odds of reporting no victimization during the previous 3 months (MHC/WHC vs WHC: odds ratio = 3.05, 95 % CI: 1.55, 6.0, P=0.

The present study strongly suggests that some HLA-C-restricted CTL have a strong ability to suppress HIV-1 replication so that they can select HIV escape mutants as in the case of HLA-A-restricted or HLA-B-restricted CTL.

Consequently, presentation of cells from panel members matched to the kidney donor at the HLA-B locus suppresses the response towards HLA-A locus antigens.

Recent studies showed that HLA-B,52:01-restricted HIV-1-specific T cells suppress HIV-1 and that HLA-C,12:02 together with KIR2DL2 play an important role in natural killer cell-mediated control of HIV-1.

Further analysis demonstrated that these 2 HLA-C,12:02-restricted CTLs together with 4 HLA-B,52:01-restricted ones effectively suppressed HIV-1 in individuals with the HLA-B,52:01-C,12:02 haplotype.

We show that Vpu targets HLA-C primarily at the protein level, independently of its ability to suppress NF-κB-driven gene expression, and that in some viral lineages, HLA-C downregulation may come at the cost of efficient counteraction of the restriction factor tetherin.

Treatments with a phorbol ester promoted MHC-II endocytosis, whereas inhibitors of protein kinase C (PKC) suppressed crosslinking-induced endocytosis of MHC-II.

In this study, we define the effect of GIFT-21 on naive murine monocytes (GIFT-21 dendritic cells [ DCs]), which express increased levels of Gr-1, CD45R, MHC class I, CD80, CD86, and CXCR4 and suppress CD11c and MHC class II.

SAHA upregulates the transcription of MICA/B by promoting MICA-associated histone acetylation while suppressing the MICA/B-targeting miRNAs miR-20a, miR-93 and miR-106b.

Moreover, allicin significantly inhibited HLA-B27 protein translation but failed to suppress HLA-B27 gene transcription in AS mice, indicating a posttranscriptional mechanism of this modulation.

The D-sequence was also shown to specifically interact with the regulatory factor binding to the X-box (RFX), binding of which to the X-box is a critical step in the MHC-II gene expression, suggesting that D-sequence might compete for RFX transcription factor binding, thereby suppressing expression from the MHC-II promoter.

Despite growing awareness of MHC expression defects, the molecular mechanisms by which melanoma cells suppress MHC and escape from immune-mediated elimination remain unknown.

(2) Tregs generated in the face of MHC disparities suppress the rejection of grafts expressing third party MHC along with tolerant MHC.

These findings indicate that the 2 F mutant is conserved in HIV-1-infected donors having HLA-A,2402, because the 2 F-specific CTLs failed to completely suppress the 2 F mutant replication and effectively prevented viral reversion in new hosts carrying HLA-A,2402.

In addition to the major histocompatibility complex (MHC)-dependent cytotoxic activity of CD8(+) T cells, they produce soluble factors that suppress HIV-1 replication in an MHC-independent manner.

These are the first findings on genetic polymorphisms in our population and we conclude that: (1) In our total population, HLA-B,53 probably involve in disease susceptibility, while the HLA-A,03 and HLA-B,18 may confer protection from progression to severe disease.

The HLA-A mismatches involved 190 different combinations of HLA-A alleles and 51 % of these were observed in only 1 pair.

In logistic regression analysis, HLA-A 34, DRB1 405, DRB1 1301 seemed to be involved in inhibitor development and HLA-A 30, B 13, B15, B 57, Cw 12, DQB1 303, DPB1 201 protection against inhibitor development.

The significant increase of HLA-A, 26 in the BD patients without HLA-B,51 suggests that this allele itself might be one of the primary susceptibility genes involved in the development of BD independently of HLA-B,51.

HLA-B alleles were involved in more associations (50 %) than alleles from either the HLA-A (27 %) or HLA-C (24 %) loci.

Because HLA-B8 is one of the antigens most often involved in associations with organ-specific autoimmune diseases, and because of the close relationship between HLA-B8 and HLA-DR3, the second series (48 patients) was tissue typed for these two antigens.

To address the possibility that the HLA-C gene, which is closely linked to HLA-B but has been poorly defined for allo-antigen specificity by the serologic method is involved in the susceptibility to Behçet\s disease, HLA-C genotyping was performed for 90 Japanese Behçet\s disease patients by the PCR-SSP method.

Furthermore, studies of the HLA-C genotype conducted using a polymerase chain reaction-sequence specific primers method have suggested that the gene involved in the pathogenesis of Behçet\s disease is not the HLA-C gene but some other gene located near the HLA-B gene.

While Cw6 is the allele most commonly thought to confer risk for psoriasis, a number of HLA-B locus alleles have also been thought to be involved and, recently, in at least three studies, a specific amino acid in the HLA-C heavy chain has been implicated.

Enrichment of bacterial peptides homologous to HLA-B27-presented epitopes was observed in the stools of patients with AS, suggesting that either HLA-B27 fails to clear these or that they are involved in driving HLA-B27-associated immune reactions.

An insertion-deletion (indel) polymorphism within the 3 \ untranslated region (UTR) of HLA-C has been shown to be involved in the regulation of HLA-C expression.

MHC class I recognizing and activating natural killer cell receptors on the surface of CD4+CD28- T cells may be involved in a HLA-B27 mediated co-stimulation of these proinflammatory and cytotoxic cells.

We found that Nef downregulates class I MHC complexes by a novel mechanism involving the accumulation of endocytosed class I MHC in the trans-Golgi, where it colocalizes with the adaptor protein-1 complex (AP-1).

The requirement of the same surfaces of the Nef molecule for downregulation of surface class I MHC complexes in T cells and for their accumulation in the trans-Golgi of fibroblasts indicates that the two effects of Nef involve similar interactions with the host cell machinery and involve a molecular mechanism regulating class I MHC traffic that is common for both of these cell types.

Loss of heterozygosity (LOH) in the major histocompatibility complex (MHC) involving the HLA-A locus was identified in the tumor cells, and further analysis revealed selective loss of the allele encoding HLA-A,02:01.

Our data indicate that HLA-B27-restricted epitopes derived from human aggrecan are involved in the induction of inflammation (tenosynovitis), underlining the importance of HLA-B27 in the pathogenesis of SpA.

Karyotypic analysis and fluorescence in situ hybridization with chromosome 6 and MHC class I-specific probes showed complex rearrangement of one chromosome 6 involving the MHC class I locus on 6 p and translocation of 6 q to the long arm of chromosome 19.

Chlamydia trachomatis triggers reactive arthritis, a spondyloarthropathy linked to the human major histocompatibility complex molecule HLA-B27, through an unknown mechanism that might involve molecular mimicry between chlamydial and self-derived HLA-B27 ligands.

In order to investigate the possibility that the MICA gene is involved in the pathogenesis of psoriasis, microsatellite polymorphism in the transmembrane region of MICA was studied in 138 Korean patients with psoriasis and compared with 126 healthy controls.

Thus, the possibility that the MICA gene is involved in the pathogenesis of AS can be excluded, supporting the hypothesis of a primary association of AS with HLA-B27.

These results suggest that the MICA gene itself, or other nearby gene(s), linked to the MICA A4 allele may be involved in the development of HLA-B27 AAU and that HLA-B27 subtypes are not important in the development of HLA-B27 AAU in a Japanese population.

In order to address the possibility that the MICA gene located 47 kb upstream from HLA-B is involved in the pathogenesis of ankylosing spondylitis (AS), we have investigated microsatellite polymorphism in the transmembrane region of MICA in Caucasian patients with AS.

Concomitantly, MMP2 over-expression enhanced the MICA shedding, indicating that MMP2 was involved in the renal cell carcinoma-associated proteolytic release of soluble MICA (sMICA), which facilitated the tumor immune escape.

Mechanistically, PPAPs 1-4 reduce MHC proteins by decreasing the expression and phosphorylation of the transcription factor STAT1 involved in MHC upregulation mediated by IFN-γ.

Here, we retrospectively analyzed the impact of mismatches in MICB amino acid position 98 (MICB98), a key polymorphic residue involved in UL16 binding, in 943 UD-HCT pairs who were allele-matched at HLA-A,-B,-C,-DRB1,-DQB1 and MICA loci.

The data therefore indicate that unlike many other signaling molecules, signaling via class I MHC molecules does not involve the cytoplasmic and the TM portions of the molecule, but rather class I MHC signal transduction is likely to be mediated by the extracellular domain of the molecule.

Finally, we identified a promoter sequence in the MHC class I promoter, the X1 box, to be involved in NLRC5-mediated MHC class I gene activation.

HLA-B alleles were involved in more associations (68 %) than either HLA-A (23 %) or HLA-DRB1 (9 %).

Six distinct HLA-B57 haplotypes, based on differences at the HLA-A locus and three of five POALIN loci, were identified that appear to have evolved by different mechanisms, including either by shuffling different combinations of conserved alpha and beta blocks or by recombination events involving two or more previously generated HLA-B57 haplotypes.

Mutational studies of T cell receptor (TCR) contact residues on the surface of the human class I major histocompatibility complex (MHC) molecule HLA-A2 have identified a " functional hot spot" that comprises Arg(65) and Lys(66) and is involved in recognition by most peptide-specific HLA-A2-restricted TCRs.

In this study, a new sequencing-based typing strategy for the HLA-A locus is presented which involves group-specific separate amplification of exon 2 and 3 of HLA-A alleles in a first step.

Binding and structural studies, focused on a prototypic allo-HLA-A2-restricted T-cell receptor (TCR) termed NB20 derived from an HLA-A3 homozygote, suggested highly peptide-specific allorecognition that was energetically focused on antigen involving direct recognition of a distinct allopeptide presented within a conserved MHC recognition surface.

We recently demonstrated that the mechanism of processing of an HLA-A,0201-restricted peptide epitope, Tyr(369) (D), derived from the membrane protein tyrosinase involves retrotranslocation of glycosylated molecules from the endoplasmic reticulum to the cytosol, removal of an N-linked carbohydrate from Asn(371) by peptide N-glycanase, proteolysis by the proteasome and other proteases, and retransport of the resulting peptides into the endoplasmic reticulum for association with HLA-A,0201.

Therefore, conformational changes within the HLA-A1:MAGE-A1:Fab-Hyb3 complex include MHC residues that are also involved in reorientations in complexes with natural ligands, pointing to their central importance for the peptide-dependent recognition of MHC molecules.

Taken together with previous studies, we conclude that MHC-class-I-mediated events, principally involving HLA-B,39, contribute to the aetiology of type 1 diabetes.

Serotyping of the HLA antigens, DNA typing of HLA-B and HLA class II loci, study of polymorphic DNA markers of chromosome 6, and cytogenetic analysis demonstrated paternal ID involving at least a 25-centiMorgan portion of the chromosome pair that encompasses the MHC.

Tight peptide binding to class I MHC molecules appears to result from the extensive contacts found at the ends of the cleft between peptide main-chain atoms and conserved MHC side chains, which also involve the peptide in stabilizing the three-dimensional fold of HLA-B27.

A more complete picture of conditions that impact HLA-B27 folding and misfolding, the full spectrum and time course of consequences of ER stress, and critical cell types involved is needed to understand the role of HLA-B27 misfolding in spondyloarthritis pathogenesis.

In AS, genes within the MHC region, in particular HLA-B27, account for nearly 25 % of disease hereditability, with additional small contributions from genes outside of the MHC locus, including those involved in intracellular antigen processing (that is, ERAP1, which interacts with HLA-B27) and cytokine genes such as those involved in the IL-17-IL-23 pathway.

HLA haplotypes containing the HLA-B46 allele react with both anti-Cw1 and anti-Cw3 alloantisera, a pattern of reactivity defined as the Cw11 antigen and postulated to involve either a distinctive Cw11 allele or a duplicated HLA-C locus.

We report that the enhanced infectivity conferred to HIV-1 by HLA-C specifically involves HLA-C free chain molecules that have been correctly assembled with β2m.

An analysis of local frustration profiles indicated that (1) variations in MHC fold are unlikely due to minimally-frustrated and relatively conserved residues within the HLA peptide-binding groove, (2) high frustration patches on HLA helices are either involved in or near interaction sites of MHC with the TCR, KIR, or tapasin of the PLC, and (3) peptide ligands mainly stabilize the F-pocket of HLA binding groove.

3 G34R suppresses transcription of CIITA, which is the master regulator of MHC (major histocompatibility complex) class II molecules and genes involved in vesicular transport of MHC class II molecules to the cell surface, resulting in suppression of MHC class II molecule expression and transport.

In addition our studies showed that SREC-I could associate with MHC class II molecules on the cell surface and in intracellular endosomes, suggesting a mechanism involving facilitated uptake of peptides into the MHC class II pathway.

In addition to endosomal/lysosomal proteases that are typically involved in MHC-II antigen presentation, several pathways in the MHC class I presentation pathways, such as the proteasomal degradation and transporter-associated with antigen-processing-mediated peptide transport, were also involved in the presentation of intracellular NY-ESO-1 on MHC-II.

Low doses of edelfosine led to a decrease in homeostatic proliferation, and further studies of the mechanism/s of action by genome-wide transcriptional profiling showed that edelfosine reduces the expression of MHC class II molecules, of molecules involved in MHC class II-associated processing and presentation, and finally upregulated a series of type I interferon-associated genes.

As MHC class II is a ligand for Lag-3, we propose a novel suppression mechanism employed by Treg involving the acquisition of host MHC-II followed by the engagement of Lag-3 on T cells.

The regulation of MHC class II gene expression involves various transcription factors that interact with conserved proximal cis-acting regulatory promoter elements, as well as MHC class II transactivator that interacts with a variety of chromatin remodeling machineries.

MHC class II antigen presentation by B lymphocytes is a multistep process involving (1) Recognition and capture of external Ag by B lymphocytes through their B cell receptor (BCR), (2) Ag processing, which comprises the degradation of Ag in internal compartments within the B cell and loading of the corresponding peptide fragments on MHC class II molecules, and (3) Presentation of MHCII-peptide complexes to CD4+ T cells.

NLRC5 is a critical regulator for the transcriptional activation of MHC class I genes and other genes involved in the MHC class I antigen presentation pathway.

Five HLA-B,57/58:01 progressors and 5 HLA-B,57/58:01 long-term nonprogressors (LTNPs) were followed longitudinally and we studied which compensatory mutations were involved in the restoration of the viral fitness of variants that escaped from HLA-B,57/58:01-restricted CTL pressure.

We previously reported that carbamazepine (CBZ)-SJS/TEN is strongly associated with the HLA-B,1502 in Han Chinese, which has been confirmed in other Southeast Asian countries where the allele is prevalent.

To understand the impact of these regulatory decisions, we researched the usage patterns for CBZ and levetiracetam, the trend of Stevens-Johnson syndrome/toxic epidermal necrolysis [ Stevens-Johnson syndrome (SJS)/toxic epidermal necrolysis (TEN) ] reports associated with antiepileptic drugs and the take-up rates of HLA-B,15:02 tests in Singapore.

We reported that SJS/TEN caused by CBZ is strongly associated with the HLA-B,1502 gene in Han Chinese.

All the patients, regardless of whether they had been treated with zidovudine, had inflammatory myopathy characterized by degenerating fibers, cytoplasmic bodies, and endomysial infiltrates consisting of CD8+ cells (mean +/- SD, 60.7 +/- 6.4 percent) and macrophages (39.2 +/- 6.4 percent) associated with Class I major histocompatibility complex (MHC-I) antigens (HLA-A,-B, and-C antigens) in the muscle fibers.

In Zambia, ReA is associated with the HLA-B,57:03 allele, which is paradoxically also associated with slow progression of HIV infection.

It is reported recently that the human leukocyte antigen HLA-B,1502 is associated with Stevens-Johnson syndrome (SJS) induced by CBZ in Han Chinese.

The results suggest that HLA-B,44:03 or other closely linked gene of the major histocompatibility complex is associated with susceptibility to the development of PHN after HZ, but not with the onset of HZ.

HLA-A,31:01 was reported to be associated with carbamazepine (CBZ)-induced severe cutaneous adverse reactions (SCAR), including drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms (DRESS), Stevens-Johnson syndrome (SJS) and toxic epidermal necrolysis (TEN).

HLA-A,02:07 and HLA-B,51:01, in a dominant model, were significantly associated with zonisamide- and phenobarbital-induced SJS/TEN, respectively (Pc = 0.0176 and 0.0042, respectively).

To analyze the association between Eales disease, histocompatibility leukocyte antigen alleles (HLA-A/B, HLA-DRB/DQB) and tuberculosis infection, and to explore susceptible genes and protective genes associated with Eales disease and tuberculosis infection in a population of Han nationals from Zunyi City in Guizhou Province, China.

It was found that HLA-B,15:02 polymorphisms were significantly associated with CBZ SCR risk (OR: 27.325, 95 % CI: 9.933-51.166), while subgroup analyses by ethnicity showed that the association was significant in Han Chinese (OR: 42.059, 95 % CI: 9.587-184.514).

HLA-A,31:01 is associated with carbamazepine (CBZ) hypersensitivity in Caucasian and Japanese populations.

Carriage of the genetic combination encoding a high expression inhibitory Killer Immunoglobulin-like Receptor (KIR) 3 DL1 with its ligand, HLA-B,57 (, h/,y+B,57) is associated with slower time to AIDS and better HIV viral load control than being a Bw6 homozygote (Bw6hmz).

We conclude that the HLA-C,18:01 and KIR2DL2+C1 genetic variants are associated with low VL while the C,08:02 is associated with high CD4+ T lymphocyte count among cART naïve Zimbabwean adults with chronic HIV infection.

Independently, rs1051788, an exonic polymorphism of the MHC Class I polypeptide-related sequence B (MICB) gene was associated with HSV1 seropositivity, as well as SZ risk.

The HLA-B,13:01 is associated with the development of the dapsone hypersensitivity syndrome among patients with leprosy (Zhang et\240\al.

HLA-B(,) 1502 tightly associated with carbamazepine (CBZ) induced these conditions in a Han Chinese population.

An in silico analysis of potential T cell epitopes of consensus Gag and Pol sequences of HIV-1 subtype C Indian strains revealed relatively higher number of promiscuous HLA-B40, HLA-DRB1,1501, and-DRB1,1502 (HLA-DR2)-restricted epitopes in contrast to limited numbers of promiscuous binders restricted by HLA-A,1101.

Serological typing of HLA-C could identify only a limited number of HLA-C antigens, resulting in a number of HLA-C blanks.

HLA matching of the donor and recipient was based on typing of HLA-A and-B antigens by serologic methods and by typing of HLA-DRB1 alleles by molecular methods, and donors were selected when disparity was limited to a single HLA-DRB1 allele or a single HLA-A or-B antigen.

Existing MHC class I expression systems are limited by the practical difficulty of probing cell populations with an MHC class I peptide library and the cross-reactivity of T cells that are able to recognise many variants of an index peptide.

The specific CTLs were stained with HLA-A0201 limited HBcAg18-27 epitope MHC-Pentamer and the frequencies of CTLs, T, B, NK and NKT cells were detected by flow cytometry (FCM).

Manipulation of the MHC-I presentation pathway, and thus limiting MHC-I cell surface expression, is used by many viruses to evade immune recognition.

" CMV downregulates the expression of HLA-A and HLA-B on the surface of infected cells to limit presentation of viral peptides to T-cells although HLA-C is relatively spared as it also engages with inhibitory killer immunoglobulin receptor receptors and therefore reduces lysis by natural killer cells.

The updated predictor was used to assess the specificities of HLA-C molecules, which were found to cover a more limited sequence space than HLA-A and-B molecules.

The CA5 and SB27 TCRs engaged HLA-B,35:08(LPEP) similarly, straddling the central region of the peptide but making limited contacts with HLA-B,35:08.

Viral escape within the immunodominant, HLA-B27-restricted, HCV-specific, cluster of differentiation (CD) 8 (+) T-cell epitope, nonstructural protein (NS) 5 B(2841-2849) (ARMILMTHF), has been shown to be limited by viral fitness costs as well as broad T-cell cross-recognition, suggesting a potential mechanism of protection by HLA-B27.

This would not rule out an intrinsic affinity of TCRs for MHC molecules achieved through multiple weak interactions, but for HLA-A2 the collective mutational data place limits on the role of any single MHC amino acid side-chain in driving TCR binding in a peptide-independent fashion.

Many efforts have been made to quantify the number of MHC-presented ligands by MS and to define the limits of detection of a specific MHC ligand.

While antigen processing and presentation (APP) by the major histocompatibility complex class I (MHC-I) molecules have been extensively studied, a question arises as to whether the level of MHC-I expression is limited by the supply of peptide-receptive (empty) MHC molecules, or by the availability of peptide ligands for loading.

Taken together, these results indicate that a surplus supply of peptides is available inside the ER for loading onto the MHC-I peptide-receptive molecules, and that cell surface MHC-I expression is likely limited by the availability of empty MHC molecules.

Despite significant expression of HLA-B7 class I molecules on transgenic lymphoid cells, including thymic cells limiting dilution analysis and comparative study of TCR-alpha and-beta gene rearrangements of the eight isolated clones (which suggested that they all derived from the same CTL precursor) indicated that the frequency of HLA-Cw3-specific H-2 unrestricted cytotoxic T lymphocytes remained low (even in HLA-B7 x human beta 2-microglobulin double transgenic mice).

The level of resolution for HLA-B antigen assignment can be obtained by this combination of serology and limited DNA-based typing is equivalent to the HLA-B specificities defined by the WHO-HLA Committee.

Like other nonclassical MHC class I molecules, HLA-G exhibits limited diversity, but certain characteristics of HLA-G distinguish it from other nonclassical MHC class I molecules: it has a truncated cytoplasmic domain, it is the product of alternatively spliced mRNAs, and it is expressed primarily in the placenta.

In a second model, in which conditional expression of MHC II is limited only to B cells, showed similar overall cellularity characteristics compared with mice with complete MHC II deficiency.

Altogether, our data suggest that expressing an additional class II MHC can produce diverse effects, with more severe autoimmunity providing a compelling explanation for limiting the expression of MHC molecules.

In addition, HPV-positive cancer cells often down-regulate major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class I expression ex vivo limiting the efficacy of MHC class I-restricted approaches.

Due to low pH and digestive enzymes, encapsulated protein cargo is largely degraded and processed in endosomes for MHC-II loading and presentation to CD4+ T cells, with very little antigen delivered into the cytosol limiting MHC-I antigenic loading and presentation to CD8+ T cells.

Expression of MHC-II is generally limited to professional APCs, but other cell types can express MHC-II under inflammatory conditions.

Despite high-coding capacity of CMVs and a broad CD8(+) T-cell response on the population level, which reflects polymorphism in major histocompatibility complex class-I (MHC-I) glycoproteins, the response in terms of quantity of CD8(+) T cells in any individual is directed against a limited set of CMV-encoded epitopes selected for presentation by the private repertoire of MHC-I molecules.

Targeting these MHC Ib-restricted CD8+ T cells would facilitate the design of better Mtb vaccines with broader coverage across MHC haplotypes due to the limited polymorphism of MHC class Ib molecules.

Studies also suggest that drugs with a similar chemical structure to CBZ might also induce TEN/SJS in patients with HLA-B,1502.

In addition, despite the small number of included studies, the results reveal strong evidence that the HLA-B,15:02 polymorphism can induce SCRs among Asian CBZ users.

According to its known anti-proteasome activity, Z-ajoene induced a downregulation of MHC-class I expression at the surface of treated cells but did not impair their recognition by CD8+ T cells.

Five independent streptozotocin (STZ)-induced diabetic monkeys were transplanted with MHC-mismatched allogeneic islets and three animals were further re-transplanted upon insufficient glycemic control or early islet graft rejection.

In this study, we first determined that a single immunizing dose of IrPySpz induced a significant level of antimalaria protective immunity in MHC-I-K(d)-Tg mice but not in B6 mice.

Although HLA-B44 antibody emerged transiently after BMT, the apparent generation of antibodies against HLA-A2 and-A24 as well as HLA-B44 occurred after PBPCT.

Among them, HLA-B,46:01 emerged in Southeast Asia about 50, 0 years ago and is now the most prevalent HLA-B allele in that area.

These results demonstrate the role of the HLA-C locus in T-cell-mediated alloimmune responses and add to emerging evidence that indicates the need to evaluate HLA-C compatibility in selecting hematopoietic stem cell donors for patients who have an increased risk of rejection.

By contrast, the functions of the non-polymorphic MHC class I molecules (MHC class Ib molecules) have been elusive, but emerging evidence reveals that, in addition to antigen presentation, MHC class Ib molecules are involved in immunoregulation.

We describe the history of MHC I recognition by NK cells and discuss emerging roles for MHC II expression by ILC subsets, making comparisons between both mouse and human when possible.

The data demonstrate that the proximity of pMHC ligands, high association rate of CD8-MHC interactions, and relatively long lifetime of cognate TCR-pMHC complexes emerge as essential parameters, explaining the significance of MHC clustering.

In fact, most patients with AS are HLA-B27-negative, although there is emerging evidence that another class I HLA molecule, HLA-B 14 : 3, is associated with AS in black Africans.

The data thus indicate that HLA-C-restricted CTLs may have an under-appreciated antiviral role in the setting of Nef in vivo and suggest a benefit of promoting HLA-C-restricted CTLs for immunotherapy or vaccine development.

The results obtained for the AS pedigree and sporadic patients suggest that mutation of TREML2 is a major factor leading to AS for HLA-B27 (+) members in this large family and that TREML2 is also a susceptibility gene promoting the development of ankylosing spondylitis in HLA-B27 (+) individuals.

Our results demonstrated that targeted delivery of both HLA-B∗27-binding peptides into the ER can promote the HLA-B∗27 folding, decrease the levels of (B27-HC) 2, and suppress the activation of the IL-23/IL-17 axis in response to lipopolysaccharide.

Inhibitory receptor interactions with HLA-C promote NK cell ADCC licensing, but interactions between KIR3DL1 and its HLA-Bw4 ligand may be insufficient.

The HLA-B27 HC is thus an important target, and delivery of an HLA-B27-binding peptide to the ER capable of promoting HLA-B27 HC folding is a potential mechanism for AS therapy.

Here, we demonstrate that a His6-ubiquitin-tagged Tat-derived peptide (THU) can deliver an HLA-B27-binding peptide to the ER promoting HLA-B27 HC folding.

Cells expressing HLA-B,27:05 promoted KIR3DL2+ NK cell survival more strongly than HLA-B,27:09.

Heightened expression of MICA on HCE was found to promote the cytotoxicity mediated by NK cells or CD8+T cells, which could be blocked by an anti-MICA antibody.

Taken together, our data suggest that NLRC5 participates in an MHC class I-specific enhanceosome, which assembles on the conserved W/S-X-Y core module of the MHC class I proximal promoters, including the RFX factor components and CREB/ATF1 family transcription factors, to promote MHC class I gene expression.

Sequential transfections of P815 murine mastocytoma cells with class I gene encoding either HLA-Cw3, HLA-A3, or HLA-B7 H chain and subsequently with a human beta 2-microglobulin gene were performed to evaluate the relative efficiency of human and murine beta 2-microglobulins in promoting the cell-surface expression of HLA-class I molecules.

Our study demonstrated for the first time that besides being involved in immune tolerance, HLA-C can directly promote placental growth without interacting with immune cells, which could provide a new insight into studying the functions of HLA-C at the maternal-fetal interface.

Similarly, induction of lca, which is predominantly expressed in primary and secondary lymphoid tissues, was marginal with the exception of a strong and transient upregulation in pancreas following SAV3 challenge Together, these findings suggest that certain Atlantic salmon MHC class I L lineage genes play important and divergent roles in early anti-microbial response and that their regulation, in response to different activation signals, represents a system for selectively promoting the expression of distinct non-classical MHC class I genes in response to different types of immune challenges.

MHCII-mediated interactions between B and T cells further promote B cell proliferation and differentiation, and, in fact, inefficient MHCII deletion on B cells led to strong selection of escaped cells in activated and plasmablast compartments, further underscoring the central role of B cell Ag presentation.

In terms of the association with high or low TNF-alpha, HLA-A, D, DR antigens were divided into 3 groups: 1) promoting antigens: HLA-A1.

Overall, these results suggest a role of MHC-II molecules in promoting HIV-1 assembly and budding to LE/MVB and raise the possibility that this activity might be part of a normal pathway of virus production in cell types physiologically expressing MHC-II molecules, such as macrophages.

The, J, ICBL/TCBL peptide derived from the beta-2-microglobulin chain of MHC I molecules promotes Th1 type responses to the antigenic peptide while the, G, ICBL/TCBL peptide derived from the beta chain of MHC II molecules promotes Th2 types of responses.

We further characterized the early dynamics of LILRB2 and MHC-I expression by showing that SIVmac251 infection of macaques promotes coordinated up-regulation of LILRB2 and MHC-I on cDCs and monocytes/macrophages, from blood and lymph nodes.

The data show that HLA-B-restricted epitopes were significantly more frequently recognized than HLA-A- or HLA-C-restricted epitopes.

BH2, a monoclonal antibody prepared against the denatured human leukocytic antigen-B27 heavy chain (HLA-B27 HC), can immunoprecipitate the misfolded HLA-B27 HC complexed with Bip in the endoplasmic reticulum and recognize the homodimerized HLA-B27 HC that is often observed on the cell membrane of patients suffered from ankylosing spondylitis (AS).

The number of individual HLA-B alleles detected was greater than the number of alleles recognized in the both the HLA-A and-DRB1 loci.

Using HLA-A2+NY-ESO-1+ myeloma cells and peptides presented by HLA-A2 molecules as a model, both sets of redirected T cells recognized and killed HLA-A2+NY-ESO-1+ myeloma cells in an A2/NY-ESO-1157-specific manner in vitro.

Finally, soluble KIR2DS5-Fc fusion protein does not bind to cell transfectants expressing different HLA-C alleles, suggesting that, if KIR2DS5 does recognize HLA-C molecules, this may only occur in the presence of certain peptides.

We have also recently characterized the first MHC class I-restricted epitope for PDC-E2, namely amino acid 159-167, a region very similar to the epitope recognized by MHC class II-restricted CD4(+) cells and by autoantibodies.

We used a murine tracheal transplantation model in which a single mismatched HLA-A2-transgenic molecule is indirectly recognized by the recipient CD4(+) T cells to show that obliterative airway disease (OAD) that developed in these allografts was preceded by indirect recognition of the HLA-A2 molecule and subsequent development of anti-HLA-A2 antibodies.

The existence of such MHC class I-restricted CD4(+) T cells which can recognize HLA-A2 molecules in the absence of TAP function may provide a basis for the development of immunotherapy against TAP-deficient tumor variants which would be tolerant to immunosurveillance by conventional MHC class I-restricted cytotoxic lymphocytes.

Furthermore, CMV-specific T cells were generated from HLA-A2-donors by using Ad5pp65GFP transduction or CMV lysate stimulation and were able to recognize a pp65 peptide restricted to the HLA-B35 allele.

CTL from two HLA-A2-positive patients with acute and chronic hepatitides C recognized a 9-residue fragment (DLMGYIPLV) of the peptide presented by HLA-A2 and containing an HLA-A2-binding motif, extending only 1 residue beyond the murine epitope.

Moreover, these two TCR-gamma delta+ clones selectively lysed human fibroblast line M1 and murine P815 cells transfected with DNA fragments encoding HLA-A2 but not those transfected with HLA-B7 encoding DNA, indicating that these clones recognize HLA-A2.

The clones displayed cytolytic activity against their specific stimulating LCL, but not irrelevant LCL, and killing was inhibited by a mAb to HLA class I (HLA-ABC) determinants, suggesting that these cells recognized class I MHC antigenic determinants on specific stimulator/target cells.

In this study HLA-A2 derived synthetic peptides were used to determine whether T cells of non-HLA-A2 renal graft recipients, which had been HLA-A2 mismatched to their organ donors recognize some of the HLA-A2-derived peptides.

It is generally considered that MHC class I-restricted antigens are recognized by CD8+ T cells, whereas MHC class II-restricted antigens are recognized by CD4+ T cells.

The 9-mer SLYNTVATL (amino acids 77-85) was recognized in conjunction with HLA-A2, whereas the overlapping 8-mer TLYCVHQR (amino acids 83-91) was recognized by HLA-A11-restricted CTL.

The TCL and clones were stimulated to proliferate by cells bearing intact HLA-A1 when autologous APCs were present, indicating that the epitope contained within the A1 60-84 peptide being recognized is produced when APCs process native HLA-A1.

Therefore, 2 TCRs that recognize an epitope of MAGE-A12 in the context of HLA-C,07 and 2 TCRs that recognize an epitope of MAGE-A3 in the context of HLA-A,01 were isolated from tumor-reactive T-cell clones and cloned in a recombinant retroviral expression vector.

Our data demonstrate that HER-2 transfection is associated with defects in the MHC class I presentation pathway, which may be the underlying mechanism behind the inability of CTLs to recognize tumors in this HLA-A2 transgenic model.

Hypochlorous acid-treated SK-OV-3 cells drove expansion of CD8(+) T cells from HLA-A2(+) individuals, which recognized the HLA-A2-restricted tumor antigen epitopes of HER-2/neu (E75 and GP2) and MUC1 (M1.

In this study, we used the HLA-A,02:01 transgenic (HLA Tg) rabbit model of ocular herpes to assess the efficacy of a therapeutic vaccine based on HSV-1 gD epitopes that are recognized mainly by CD8(+) T cells from " naturally" protected HLA-A,02:01-positive, HSV-1-seropositive healthy asymptomatic (ASYMP) individuals (who have never had clinical herpes disease).

To assess the role of quantity and quality of peptide-MHC presentation in eliciting T cell activation and suppression functions, we genetically engineered human T cells with two TCRs that recognize HLA-A,0201-restricted peptides derived from either HIV or melanoma antigens.

Mature T helper cells (mostly CD4+ CD8-) recognize antigen in the context of class II MHC molecules, whereas cytotoxic T cells (mostly CD4-CD8+) recognize antigen in the context of class I MHC determinants.

MHC-independent αβTCRs (TCRs) recognize conformational epitopes on native self-proteins and arise in mice lacking both MHC and CD4/CD8 coreceptor proteins.

MICA-reactive T cells recognized an HLA-B51-transfected B cell line pulsed with MICA-TM or a B cell line transfected with both HLA-B51 and MICA in the absence of exogenous peptides.

The HLA-B,4403-restricted CTL clone recognized a peptide encoded by UGT2B17, which is identical to the peptide presented by HLA-A,2902.

Furthermore, STEAP(86-94) and STEAP(262-270) stimulated specific CD8(+) T cells from HLA-A,0201(+) healthy donors, and these peptide specific CD8(+) T cells recognized STEAP positive human tumor cells in an HLA-A,0201-restricted manner.

Similar to HLA-A2+ humans, our results show WT M1 58-66 is likely the dominant CTL epitope recognized in infected Tg HLA-A2(hyb)/H2 DKO mice.

Here, we demonstrated similar Tax-specific CTL expansion in PBMC from another post-HSCT ATL patient without HLA-A2 or A24, whose CTLs equally recognized two newly identified epitopes, Tax88-96 and Tax272-280, restricted by HLA-A11, suggesting that these immunodominant Tax epitopes are present in the ATL patient in vivo.

Finally, we could confirm that CD8+ T cells in association with HLA-A2 recognized the most reactive peptides when the corresponding full-length genes were used to DNA-immunize HLA-A2 transgenic mice.

The study of PBMCs from Cpn-infected individuals using fluorescent MHC tetramers revealed that some patients have CD8(+) T cells capable of recognizing the Cpn HSP-70 HLA-A,0201 epitope.

Using 51 Cr release and tetramer staining assays, we show that 8 of 11 HLA-A,0201+ healthy subjects (73 %) harbor detectable JCV-specific CD8+ CTLs that recognize one or two epitopes of JCV VP1 protein, the HLA-A,0201-restricted VP1p36 and VPp1100 epitopes.

As a result of this work, we report a potential new T cell target protein, one previously unknown CD8-T cell-stimulating peptide, and an extensive list of CMV-derived potentially strong HLA-A,0201-binding peptides that are not recognized by T cells of HLA-A,0201-positive CMV-seropositive donors.

We have previously shown that TCRs that are specific for five different peptides presented by HLA-A2 recognize similar molecular features on the surface of the alpha1 and alpha2 helices of the HLA-A2 molecule.

About 69 % were immunogenic in HLA-A2 transgenic mice and 61 % were recognized by CD8(+) T-cells from 17 HLA-A2 HIV-1-positive patients.

CD8(+) T cells reacting to the HLA-A2-presented peptide from HPV16 E7(11-19(20)) recognized also the HLA-A2 binding peptide TMLDIQPED (amino acids 52 to 60) from the human coronavirus OC43 NS2 gene product.

We have identified a novel HLA-A,02-restricted SATB1-derived peptide epitope recognized by CD8(+) T cells, which, in turn, recognizes and kills HLA-A,02(+) SATB1(+) tumor cells.

We have identified a novel HLA-A,02-restricted SATB1-derived peptide epitope recognized by CD8(+) T cells, which, in turn recognizes and kills HLA-A,02(+) SATB1(+) tumor cells.

HLA-A,3001 and HLA-A,3002 major histocompatibility complex-peptide complexes were recognized in individuals with active TB, irrespective of their homozygous HLA-A,3001 or HLA-A,3002 genetic background.

Finally, an HLA-A2-restricted cytolytic T cell clone derived from a breast cancer patient recognized peptide Nectin-4145-153 (VLVPPLPSL) and lyzed HLA-A2(+) Nectin-4(+) breast carcinoma cells.

Accordingly, we found that HLA-A,0201-restricted peptides predicted to be products of the CT-RCC HERV-E envelope transcript-stimulated CD8(+) T cells, which could recognize HLA-A,0201-positive HERV-E-expressing kidney tumor cells.

In this article, we report the novel TCR signature of cross-reactive HLA-A,02:01 (A2) CMV (NLVPMVATV [ NLV])-specific CD8(+) T cells recognizing a specific array of HLA-B27 alleles using technical advancements that combine both IFN-γ secretion and multiplex nested RT-PCR for determining paired CDR3α/β sequences from a single cell.

Unusual surface forms of HLA-B27 interact with a different set of receptors from those that recognize conventional class I MHC molecules and thus can be implicated in driving inflammatory responses.

We report the identification of an HLA-B27 restricted hepatitis C virus (HCV)-specific CD8+ T cell epitope that is recognized in the majority of recovered HLA-B27 positive women.

We report here that a cytolytic T lymphocyte (CTL) clone, which is restricted by HLA-B,1801 recognizes the same peptide and, importantly, lyzes HLA-B18 tumor cells expressing MAGE-3.

The purpose of this work was twofold: 1) to learn whether rats transgenic for HLA-B27 and the human beta 2-microglobulin gene HB2M can mount B27-restricted cytolytic T lymphocyte (CTL) responses to the male H-Y antigen, and 2) to learn whether such CTLs would recognize both rat and mouse H-Y in the context of HLA-B27.

We report here that a cytolytic T-lymphocyte (CTL) clone, which is restricted by HLA-B,3501 recognizes the same peptide and, importantly, lyses HLA-B,3501 tumor cells expressing MAGE-3.

Among virus carriers who have the same major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class I allele, we observed that CTL from different donors that recognize the same peptide-MHC complex often used the same Vbeta segment, although other TCR gene segments and CDR3 length were not in general conserved.

Our data indicate a role of HLA-B 57-restricted CD8(+) T-cell responses in mediating spontaneous clearance and evolution in HCV infection, and viral strains containing epitope variants that are less recognized abrogate the protective effects of HLA-B 57.

The relatively featureless peptide-MHC (pMHC) was mainly recognized by the TCR CDR1 and CDR2 loops in an MHC-centric manner.

We found that a Vα3S1/Vβ13S1 T cell receptor (TCR), which we had reconstituted from an epidermal CD8(+) T cell clone of an HLA-C,06:02-positive psoriasis patient specifically recognizes HLA-C,06:02-positive melanocytes.

Conversely, in MHC and CD4/CD8 coreceptor-deficient mice, the thymus generates mature T cells expressing MHC-independent TCRs that recognize native conformational epitopes rather than linear antigenic-peptides presented by MHC.

We assume that gammadelta T cells infiltrated aortic tissue recognizing MICA, resulting in the induction of MHC antigens and costimulatory molecules, and then alphabeta T-cells infiltrated recognizing some auto-antigens presented by MHC antigens, leading to chronic inflammation.

Although this finding raises the question of how these patients became immunized, the fact that the polymorphic, HLA-like MICA molecule, expressed at the cell surface of endothelial cells is recognized by specific antibodies in sera of transplanted patients, suggests the MICA may be a target molecule in allograft rejection.

Although this finding raises the question of how these patients became immunized, the fact that the polymorphic, HLA-like MICA molecule, expressed at the cell surface of endothelial cells, is recognized by specific antibodies in sera of transplanted patients, suggests the MICA may be a target molecule in allograft rejection.

To address these challenges, a ligand of NK-cell receptor NKG2D was fused to the scFv and created a fusion protein scFv-major histocompatibility complex class I-related chain A (MICA), which is expected to recognize tumor cells through the scFv moiety and stimulate NK cells through the MICA.

In this study, we report the generation of HLA-A,0201-restricted CD8(+) T cell populations that recognize either tyrosinase(369-376) or gp100(209-217) from tolerant human class I MHC-transgenic mice by using single amino acid-substituted variant peptides.

To confirm the tissue specificity of the HLA-A3 restricted clone and the peptide it recognizes we have transfected the gene for HLA-A3 into a number of tumor cell lines both human and murine not expressing this antigen.

The HLA-A3 restricted T cell clone recognized HLA-A3 when expressed on human kidney epithelial cells and to a lesser extent on human lung epithelium and human epidermal cells.

Results from the transgenic mouse experiments indicate that plasmid DNA immunization with both class I and class II MHC-encoding vectors can elicit antibody responses recognizing conformationally intact MHC molecules.

Interestingly, p248V9-specific CTL respond to endogenous MAGE-A1,-A2,-A3,-A4,-A6,-A10, and-A12 in an HLA-A,0201-restricted manner and recognize human HLA-A,0201(+) MAGE-A(+) tumor cells of various histological origin.

A logical strategy to investigate the molecular details of the interaction between antigen and MHC class I proteins would be to define an epitope recognized by the MHC class I molecule HLA-A2.

Influenza-specific cytotoxic T cells restricted by HLA-A3 and allogeneic CTL specific for HLA-A3 recognize differences between serologically indistinguishable HLA-A3 antigens.

L cells expressing human HLA-A2 or HLA-B7 class I antigen heavy chains are not recognized by human cytotoxic T lymphocytes directed at HLA-A2 or HLA-B7 antigens.

The induction of T-cell responses involves the recognition of extrinsic antigen in association with antigens of the major histocompatibility complex (MHC), in mice and man, with different T cells recognizing antigen in association with either class I (H-2K/D, HLA-A, B, C) or class II (Ia, HLA-D/DR) MHC antigens.

Although association with mouse beta 2-mu does not cause marked differences in the expression of HLA-A25 and-B8 antigens on the cell surface of FO-1 cells, it causes a selective reduction in the expression of determinants recognized by anti-HLA-A mAb F4/72 and VF19-LL67 and by anti-HLA class I mAb W6/32 on HLA-A25 allospecificities.

Although murine HLA-B7 positive cells stimulated a higher frequency of HLA-B7-specific CTLp than did human cells, this appeared to be largely due to stimulation of CTLp that recognized HLA-B7 in the context of H-2 molecules.

CTL from HLA-A2 donors recognize and kill murine P815 mastocytoma cells doubly transfected with the human HLA-A2 gene and the HIV env gene.

In addition, we showed that a CAP1-specific T-cell clone, obtained after multiple stimulations of T cells of a HLA-A,0201+ healthy donor in vitro with autologous antigen presenting cells recognized CEA(-) HLA-A,0201+ tumors transduced with a minigene encoding CAP1 but failed to react against HLA-A,0201+ tumor cells expressing CEA.

Despite detectable expression of the restricting HLA class I allele, HLA-A,0201-E7(11-20)-or HLA-A,0201-E7(86-93)-specific CTL obtained by in vitro stimulation of healthy donor peripheral blood mononuclear cells only recognize a naturally HPV-16-transformed, HLA-A,0201+ SCCHN cell line after pretreatment with IFN-gamma.

Four immunodominant HLA-A,0201-restricted epitopes (PPE68126-134, PPE68133-141, PPE68140-148, and PPE68148-156) were recognized by the most of 80 HLA-A,0201-positive TB patients (81, 86, 74, and 84 %, respectively).

Notably, LILRB1 cannot recognize the beta(2) m-free form of HLA-G or HLA-B27, but LILRB2 can recognize the beta(2) m-free form of HLA-B27.

Both allogeneic HLA-A,0201-matched and autologous CTLs recognized and killed endogenously OFA-iLR-expressing tumor cell lines and primary malignant cells from patients with hemopoietic malignancies in an MHC-restricted fashion but spared nonmalignant hemopoietic cells.

These data indicate that the previously anomalous position of HLA-A,2902 among HLA-A alleles, outside any recognized HLA-A supertype, is artifactual, and the true position of the A,2902 motif overlaps those of the A1 and A24 supertypes.

Cytotoxicity was mainly MHC class I/HLA-A,0201 restricted, suggesting that the CTLs recognized gp96-chaperoned peptides on HLA-A,0201 that were derived from shared myeloma antigens and that myeloma cells naturally present these peptides in the context of their surface MHC molecules.

These findings suggest that most HLA-A2-restricted TCRs recognize surfaces on the HLA-A2/peptide complex that are dependent upon the side chains of K66 and Q155 in the central portion of the peptide binding groove.

Such CTL also recognized tumor cell lines expressing both HLA-A2 and MAGE-3 in an MHC class I-restricted manner, but did not recognize tumor cell lines that did not express HLA-A2 or MAGE-3.

MHC-associated peptides isolated by immunoaffinity chromatography from HLA-A1 and HLA-A2 molecules of DM331 tumor cells included at least three peptide epitopes recognized by DM331 CTL and restricted by HLA-A1 or by HLA-A x 201.

The inhibitory NK receptors recognize mainly MHC class I proteins and in this regard practically all of the HLA-C proteins are recognized by inhibitory NK cell receptors, while only certain HLA-A and HLA-B proteins interact with these receptors.

Because rhesus macaque has counterparts of HLA-A and-B, but not HLA-C, we expected that rhesus KIR would better recognize HLA-A and-B, than HLA-C.

A crystal structure of a MART-1-specific γδ TCR, together with MHC/peptide, revealed distinctive but similar docking properties to those previously reported for αβ TCRs recognizing MART-1 on HLA-A,0201.

CTLs could be induced by using a human leukocyte antigen, (HLA)-A2 restricted antigenic peptide (BORIS C34_24(9)), from all of 3 HLA-A2-positive individuals, and CTL clone cells specific for BORIS C34_24(9) peptide could recognize BORIS sf6-positive, HLA-A2-positive lung carcinoma cells.

We investigated the role of a peptide bound to HLA-B molecules on the formation of the Bw4 epitope recognized by two HLA-Bw4-specific mAb, TU109 and TU48, which recognized the difference of the Bw4 epitope among HLA-B52,-B52 and-B53.

Such empty HLA-B27 molecules were not recognized by an HLA-B27-restricted cytotoxic T-lymphocyte (CTL) clone (auto-1) derived from synovial fluid.

A set of mouse HLA-B27-reactive cytotoxic T lymphocyte clones were found to recognize the HLA-B27 molecule in an H-2-unrestricted manner, i.

We propose that MHC allo- and xenoreactive CTL responses are not caused by the activation of CTLp specific for self-MHC plus peptide but to the activation of CTLp recognizing MHC allo- and xenoantigens directly or as peptides presented by their native MHC molecules.

In addition, we could show that T lymphocytes of the transgenic animals respond to the same HLA-B27 restricted influenza peptide as is recognized by human influenza-specific, HLA-B27 restricted cytotoxic T cell lines.

HLA-B2705-restricted influenza virus-specific CTL also recognized HLA-B2703-positive virus-infected cells, and vice versa.

In contrast, engagement of major histocompatibility complex (MHC)-recognizing killer cell inhibitory receptors (KIRs) on NK cells by resistant, MHC-bearing tumor targets blocks raft redistribution.

B51 showed cytotoxicity against a HLA-B,3501-transfectant cell line that did not express H-2 molecule, which indicates that these cytotoxic T cells recognize HLA-B35 molecules directly without H-2 restriction.

However, strong cell surface expression of a classical MHC class I molecule (most likely HLA-C) was exhibited by these EVT cell lines when grown on laminin, as indicated by W6/32 FACS analysis (Ab recognizing pan MHC class I), and Western immunoblotting with HC10 (Ab recognizing HLA-B/C).

KIR specificity for MHC class I can be broad, as in the case of a single p70 KIR that can recognize several HLA-B allotypes, including HLA-B,2705.

On the other hand, recognition of MHC class I can also be highly specific, as in the case of NK clones that recognize HLA-B,2705 in a peptide-specific manner.

To determine whether the broad and specific types of HLA-B recognition by NK cells reflect the use of different receptors or a property of a single KIR we analyzed the recognition of HLA-B,2705 by the p70 KIR-11, known to recognize several HLA-B allotypes.

We propose that NK cells, like alpha beta T cells and some anti-MHC Abs, directly or indirectly recognize MHC-bound peptides.

(a) Whereas recent studies have suggested that HLA-C antigens may be preferentially recognized by NK cells, our findings indicate that 70 % or more of all NK clones are able to recognize certain HLA-B alleles and many also recognize HLA-A alleles.

Because T-cell activation is initiated by the formation of antigen-MHC complexes that are the ligands that are recognized by the antigen-specific T-cell receptor (TCR), it might be possible to inhibit this activation by blocking the antigen-binding cleft of MHC molecules by using high-affinity MHC-binding peptides (MHC blockade) or by a novel, new, and more efficient method of TCR antagonism.

Conformational changes of major histocompatibility complex (MHC) antigens have the potential to be recognized by T cells and may arise from polymorphic variation of the MHC molecule, the binding of modifying ligands, or both.

Since KIRs are expressed on decidual NK cells and the HLA-C molecules that they recognize are also expressed on invading trophoblast, KIR receptors may play a regulatory role in pregnancy by interacting with their trophoblastic HLA-C counterparts and providing trophoblast damage evading signals (KIR/HLA-C allorecognition system).

Here, we critically review new insights into: (i) the mechanisms controlling expression of HLA-C by EVT, (ii) the mechanisms by which decidual NK cells, effector T cells and regulatory T cells recognize HLA-C allo-antigens, and (iii) immune recognition of pathogen derived antigens in context of HLA-C.

Tumour recognition by CTLs depends on major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class I molecules, while NK cells recognize tumours expressing low or null levels of MHC class I molecules.

In the first of these sections, I offer a reinterpretation of MHC restriction that reframes the constraints on self-MHC recognition in terms of the probabilities of recognizing a given nominal antigen peptide in the context of an MHC molecule that is nonself on the basis of differing in amino acid sequence from the self-restriction element at one or more positions.

Unlike conventional αβ T cells, MAIT cells are not restricted by MHC molecules, but instead uniquely recognize microbially derived vitamin metabolites presented by the MHC-I like molecule MR1.

During development, if TCR-pMHC interactions exceed an affinity threshold, a signal is generated that positively selects the thymocyte to become a mature CD4(+) or CD8(+) T cell that can recognize foreign peptides within MHCII or MHCI, respectively.

Although LAG-3 has been reported to recognize major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class II, it did not recognize MHC class II universally.

Allogeneic MHC class I may be recognized by recipient T cells as an intact molecule (direct recognition) or may be processed and presented as an allogeneic peptide in the context of self-MHC (indirect recognition).

A murine model of chronic AMR was developed in which T cell deficient (Tcrbd-/-) C57BL/6 recipients were challenged with MHC-mismatched BALB/c heart allografts and T cell help provided by reconstituting with 103 " TCR75" CD4 T cells that recognize self-restricted allopeptide derived from the H-2Kd MHC class I alloantigen.

These data demonstrate that, in contrast to results in mice, TAP inhibition alone is insufficient for priming of MHC-E-restricted T cell responses in primates and suggest that additional unknown mechanisms govern the induction of CD8+ T cells recognizing MHC-E-bound antigen.

Because CD8+ T cells are MHC Class I restricted, they are able to recognize HLA-bound antigenic peptides presented not only by APC but also on parenchymal cells, thus eliciting or suppressing auto- or allo-immune reactions.

These MHC Ib-restricted CD8+ T cells recognized several Mtb-derived protein antigens at a higher frequency than MHC Ia-restricted CD8+ T cells.

No difference in affinity of this epitope peptide was found among these three HLA-A(,) 26 subtypes, indicating that Gag169-177 was effectively presented by HLA-A(,) 2602 but recognized as a subdominant epitope in HIV-1-infected HLA-A(,) 2602 (+) individuals.

In this study, we have identified five new HLA-B,57-restricted CTL epitopes recognized by SP donors, one of which is also HLA-B,5801 restricted.

In the majority of cases, CD4+ T cells recognize Ag in association with class II MHC molecules, while CD8+ T cells recognize Ag in association with class I MHC molecules.

In response to pressure exerted by major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class I-mediated CD8(+) T cell control, human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) escape mutations often arise in immunodominant epitopes recognized by MHC class I alleles.

Using a series of HLA-A2-restricted TCRs that recognize the same peptide-MHC class I complex (pMHC) with affinities varying up to 3500 fold, we observed that TCR affinity had no effect on the ability of the introduced TCRs to confer potent Ag-specific suppressive activity.

The most frequently represented HLA-A and-B alleles were HLA-A11, A02, and A33 expressed by 35.7, 23.2, and 21.4 % of the patients, respectively, and HLA-B75, B46, and B62 expressed by 35.7, 25, and 17.9 % of the patients, respectively.

HLA-A was expressed in 98 % and 96 % and HLA-B/C in 100 % and 94 % of colorectal cancers and liver metastases respectively.

In summary, IST efficacy in children with SAA that express the HLA-B,15:02, B,40:02, B,48:01, DRB1,09:01, C,01:02, C,03:04, DQB1,03:03 and DQB1,06:02 alleles may be superior, while the efficacy may be mitigated in children with SAA who express HLA-A,29:01, B,15:11, B,38:01, B,39:05, DRB1,15:01, C,01:02, C,08:22 alleles.

Instead, in individuals expressing HLA-B,27, the CTL response restricted by nonprotective HLA alleles was significantly higher and broader, and of higher affinity than in individuals expressing these alleles without HLA-B,27.

Comparison of HLA-A and HLA-B staining intensities within the villous stroma indicates that during first trimester of pregnancy the fetal HLA-B proteins are expressed before HLA-A appears.

Nevertheless, a more accurate functional analysis demonstrated not only that HSV infection downregulated the expression of HLA-A and HLA-B and did not modify the expression of HLA-C, but also that NK cell clones expressing the " activating" form of the anti HLA-C NK cell receptor were more cytolytic than other clones.

Human major histocompatibility complex class I antigens, HLA-C, are expressed on the cell surface at approximately a tenfold lower level than HLA-A and-B.

HLA-C molecules are poorly expressed at the cell surface compared with HLA-A and HLA-B locus products.

We show that the HLA-C4 allele is expressed intracellularly in amounts similar to HLA-A and HLA-B alleles.

HLA-C antigens are expressed to the cell surface at roughly 10 % the level of HLA-B or-A, and their serological definition remains persistently difficult.

We find that HLA-C mRNA is expressed at lower levels than HLA-B mRNA and that this difference results from faster degradation of the HLA-C message.

HLA-C gene products are the most poorly understood of the HLA class I molecules because they express at low level on the cell surface compared to HLA-A and-B.

In addition, HLA-C molecules are expressed at the cell surface at about 10 % of the levels of HLA-A and HLA-B.

Four lines (BL28, BL37, BL41 and Jijoye M13) showed down-regulation of both HLA-A and-C alleles, and one (BL36) failed to express one HLA-C allele.

Rates of successful search reach 85 % for patients (n=20) who express at least one common five-allele (HLA-A/B/Cw/DRB1/DQB1) haplotype, but also 77 % for more patients (n=53) who express at least one of the 20 most frequent three-allele (HLA-A/B/Cw) haplotypes.

Assuming that HLA-B is expressed on trophoblasts, we may suggest that the revealed predominance of HLA-Bw6 expression (which excludes the presence of HLA-Bw4-protective antigens) may predispose a particular couple to the RM phenomenon.

We observed a significant association between particular combinations of KIR epitopes expressed by HLA-B/-C haplotypes and propose that the repertoire of KIR epitopes expressed by HLA-B and HLA-C alleles within the context of particular haplotypes may be an important component of the NK mediated immune response to HIV and/or other infectious pathogens.

The major histocompatibility complex class I chain-related gene A (MICA) is a highly polymorphic gene that encodes protein variants expressed under cellular stress conditions, and these MICA variants play important roles in immune activation and surveillance.

MICA,019 was highly expressed on the surface of fibroblasts whereas expression of MICA,007 was the lowest in the culture supernatant.

The induced CTLs exhibited specific lysis of T2 cells pulsed with the peptide and HLA-A2+ hepatocellular carcinoma cells expressing survivin, while HLA-A2+ hepatocellular carcinoma cell lines that did not express survivin were not recognized by the CTLs.

The peptidome of the BD-associated HLA-B,51:08 subtype expressed in a Hap10-positive cell line was isolated, characterized by mass spectrometry, and compared with the HLA-B,51:01 peptidome from cells expressing more active ERAP1 allotypes.

Flow cytometry was used to measure surface expression of HLA-B,27 in C1R/HeLa cells expressing HLA-B,27 (N97) and six mutants at P97 (N97T, N97S, N97V, N97R, N97W and N97D).

HLA-B,7, which has an AS-protective serine at P97 expressed lower levels of FHC than HLA-B,27 or HLA-B,51.

Loss of crossveins in the wings and a reduced eye phenotype were observed after expression of HLA-B,27:04 or HLA-B,27:05 in Drosophila but not in fruit flies expressing the non-associated HLA-B,07:02 allele.

HLA-C level varies between allotypes and cells expressing more HLA-C at baseline tended to have corresponding higher levels of HLA-C following cytokine stimulation (Pearson\s correlation coefficient between unstimulated and stimulated expression, P =.

MHC-II molecules, which are abundantly expressed on DC exosomes, were also functionally loaded under the same conditions as MHC-I.

Allogeneic DCs expressing HLA-A,0201, HLA-DR beta 1, 401, and HLA-DR beta 1, 701 were fused with 888 mel cells that do not express any of these MHC molecules, but do express multiple melanoma-associated Ags.

The remaining HLA-C and-E molecules prevent recognition by natural killer (NK) cells, which would otherwise lyse cells expressing small amounts of MHC-I.

Panc-1 cells were found to be HLA-A0201 positive, in agreement with published reports, while CF-Pac-1 cells were found to express both HLA-A020101 and HLA-A030101.

In short-term assays, m-CD95L-expressing APC-induced apoptosis in activated T cells and the constitutive presence of m-CD95L and HLA-A1 expressing APC in long-term T cell cultures prevented the expansion of CD4(+) and CD8(+) HLA-A1-specific T cells and the development of HLA-A1-specific cytotoxicity.

Interestingly, gp100, a melanoma antigen, can be presented by both MHC class I and class II when expressed endogenously, suggesting that it can reach endosomal/MHC class II compartments (MIIC).

Taken together, these CTL epitopes defined in HLA-A24 transgenic mice are also processed and expressed with HLA-A2402 in human cells.

To identify mAb reacting with the HLA class I alpha 3 domain, 14 mAb recognizing monomorphic determinants expressed on HLA-A, B, and C Ag or restricted to HLA-B Ag were screened in indirect immunofluorescence with mouse L cells expressing HLA-B7/H-2Kb chimeric Ag.

However, we observed selective recognition of the HLA-A2 expressing clones by autologous cultured peripheral blood lymphocytes (which contained CD8 cells) as well as allogeneic CD8+ TIL with a HLA-A2 restricted pattern of recognition.

To assess effectiveness of Gp120-Texo vaccine in transgenic (Tg) HLA-A2 mice mimicking the human situation, we constructed adenoviral vector AdV(Gp120) expressing HIV-1 GP120 by recombinant DNA technology, and generated Gp120-Texo vaccine by using Tg HLA-A2 mouse CD8(+) ConA-T cells with uptake of AdV(Gp120)-transfected HLA-A2 mouse bone marrow DC (DC(Gp120))-released EXO(Gp120).

Tested MHC-I alleles include HLA-ABC endogenously expressed and HLA-A2 exogenously expressed in Jurkat T cells.

A more efficient approach to induce HLA-A2 restricted CTLs, through immunization with a multi-epitope DNA vaccine expressing the HLA-A2 restricted HER-2 369-377, 435-443 and 689-697 epitopes, resulted in high numbers of peptide specific T cells but failed to induce tumor protection.

HLA-A,0201 transgenic, H-2D(b)/mouse beta2-microglobulin double-knockout mice (HHD) which express human HLA-A,0201 but no mouse class 1, was shown to provide a powerful model for studying induction of HLA-A,0201-restricted immune responses in vivo.

By crossing mouse strains that lack either murine MHC class I and class II genes and insulin genes, we developed YES mice that instead express human HLA-A,02:01, HLA-DQ8, and insulin genes as transgenes.

Among the most divergent clinical outcomes are the relatively good prognosis in HLA-B,5801 expressing persons and poor prognosis with HLA-B,5802.

Of the 320 patients undergoing HLA typing, HLA-A02 was the most common allele and only one individual (0.3 %) expressed HLA-B,5701.

In this study, we searched for novel HLA-B,0702 NS3 restricted epitopes following an optimized NS3NS4 immunization protocol in transgenic mice expressing HLA-B,0702 molecule.

The MHC class I molecule, HLA-B27 can be expressed as a number of non-conventional forms, in addition to conventional HLA-B27 heterodimers presenting peptide.

A hierarchy in susceptibility was found to correlate with HLA-C type in the unrelated panel: cells expressing HLA-Cw7 were found to be most resistant to lysis by this effector cell population.

Previous studies stimulating peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) with the HLA-devoid K562 cell line revealed that NK cells from individuals with an iKIR encoded by the KIR3DL1 locus with self HLA-Bw4 as their ligands, had higher frequencies of tri-functional NK cells that expressed the degranulation marker CD107a and secreted Interferon-γ and Tumor Necrosis Factor-α than those from individuals who were homozygous for HLA-Bw6 alleles, which are not ligands for these iKIR.

Mallal (Perth, Australia) elegantly described a highly restricted HLA-B∗5701-specific T-cell response in abacavir-hypersensitive patients and healthy volunteers expressing HLA-B∗5701 but not closely related alleles.

Viral replication capacities varied significantly with respect to the specific HLA-B alleles expressed by the patient, and protective HLA-B alleles, most notably HLA-B81, were associated with lower replication capacities.

Although HLA-B,81:01 was expressed by both grandmother and grand-daughter, autologous virus in each subject encoded an escape mutation L188F within the immunodominant HLA-B,81:01-restricted Gag-specific epitope TL9 (TPQDLNTML, Gag 180-188).

We found the following results: higher frequency of patients expressing both KIR2DL3 and HLA-C1 among infected patients compared with exposed seronegative (odds ratio 4.8, P = 0.004), higher viral load in patients expressing HLA-C1 with KIR2DL3 compared with those without this receptor-ligand combination (median 4.8 vs.

Responses were examined in two models of altered MHC II ubiquitination: MHCIIKRKI/KI mice that express a mutant MHC II unable to be ubiquitinated or mice that lack membrane-associated RING-CH 8 (MARCH8), the E3 ubiquitin ligase responsible for MHC II ubiquitination specifically in thymic epithelial cells.

Furthermore, LAG-3, which reportedly binds to MHC-II, was highly expressed by tumor-infiltrating CD4+ T cells in MHC-II-expressing tumors.

To study mechanisms of class I MHC antibody-mediated allograft injury, we tested the rejection of heart allografts transgenically expressing a single class I MHC disparity in wild-type C57BL/6 (H-2(b)) and B6.

MICA and ULBP2/3 were widely expressed by the analyzed lines, with a minority of them being also ULBP-1+, whereas MICB was undetectable.

The T3(b)-MICA Tg mice expressed MICA selectively in the intestine and had an increased number of TCRalphabeta CD4CD8alphaalpha, double-positive (DP) intraepithelial lymphocytes (IELs) in the small bowel.

Upon binding to MICA, NKG2D activates cytolytic responses of NK and γδ T cells against infected and tumor cells expressing MICA.

MAb E4 potently antagonized the cytolytic activity of NKL cells against BaF/3-MICA cells expressing NKG2D ligand, and blocked the NKG2D ligand-induced secretion of TNFalpha, IFNgamma and GM-CSF, as well as surface expression of CRTAM by NK cells cultured on immobilized MICA or ULBP-1 ligands.

Cell lines, established from MHC class I-negative and-positive melanoma metastases, predominantly expressed MICA and ULBP2 molecules on their surface.

We generated a highly immunogenic chimeric protein (BLS-MICA) consisting of human MICA fused to the lumazine synthase from Brucella spp (BLS) and used it to generate anti-MICA polyclonal Ab (pAb) and to investigate if these anti-MICA Ab can reinstate antitumor immunity in mice using two different mouse tumors engineered to express MICA.

MICA-129Met or MICA-129Val isoforms differing only in this amino acid were expressed in the MICA-negative melanoma cell line Malme, and clones with similar pmMICA expression intensity were selected.

The MICA-129Met clones also expressed more MICA messenger RNA (P = 0.0047).

In most previous studies, an MHC class I complex was formed in the refolding buffer with an expressed MHC heavy chain molecule and beta(2) m, respectively.

However, these CTL did not recognize a panel of HLA-A24(+) tumor cells that expressed MAGE-A3 at levels similar to those found in HLA-A1(+) tumor cells recognized by anti-MAGE-3.

In comparison with the native IL-13Ralpha2 epitope, the analogue peptides 9 V and 1 A9V displayed higher levels of binding affinity and stability in HLA-A2 complexes and yielded an improved stimulatory index for patient-derived, specific CTLs against the native epitope expressed by HLA-A2(+) glioma cells.

As an in vivo model for studying human MHC (HLA) class I-restricted CTL responses to viral infection, we established a series of HLA Tg mice expressing HLA-A2,-B7 or-B27 human/mouse hybrid genes on a background deficient for H2 class I (Tg HLA(hyb)/H2 class I DKO).

None of the four T cell populations specific for foreign HLA-A,0201 were stimulated by the aAPCs, whereas they did produce IFN-gamma upon stimulation with cells naturally expressing HLA-A,0201.

One of the CTLs that were induced using M2BP216-224 (RIDITLSSV) produced interferon-gamma in response to HLA-A2-positive T2 cells pulsed with the same peptide and lysed MDA-MB-231 cells expressing both M2BP and HLA-A2.

In the virus-specific CD8(+) T cell population, the proportion of IFN-gamma- and TNF-alpha-producing cells, restricted by individual HLA-A and-B alleles, was determined using virus-infected C1R cells expressing a single HLA-A or-B allele for restimulation of these cells.

We have developed HLA-A2402/K(b)-transgenic mice expressing chimeric human (alpha1 and alpha2 domains of HLA-A2402) and mouse (alpha3, transmembrane and cytoplasmic domains of H-2K(b)) class I molecules.

First, we analysed the prevalence of HLA-A2 allele in the study populations and found that approximately 38 of the individuals expressed this molecule and that 50 of them were HLA-A,0201.

The same HLA-C allotype specifically protected infected cells from attack by NK cells that expressed a corresponding HLA-C-specific KIR.

NLV-specific CD8+ T cells were expanded for 13 days from 14 HLA-A,02:01/CMV seropositive healthy donors and 11 lung transplant recipients (LTR) then assessed for the production of IFN-γ and CD107a expression in response to 19 cell lines expressing either single HLA-A or-B class I molecules.

Furthermore, increasing evidence of variations in the peptide-binding repertoire and CTL responses among HLA-A2 allelic variants suggests the need to understand these differences among various frequently expressed HLA-A2 molecules.

Expanded T cells specifically recognised peptide-pulsed target cells or antigen-transfected cells in the context of HLA-A 201 and killed HLA-A 201 (+) ET lines expressing the antigen while HLA-A 201 (-) ET lines were not affected.

Here we employ a heterologous cell/MHC I system which uses mouse cells expressing both E5 and HLA-A2, and A2-restricted CTLs.

As exemplified for viral epitopes restricted to the human leukocyte antigen (HLA)-A2, the HLA-A2+ human somatic cell hybrid T2 provided an about 10-fold more sensitive readout as compared to autologous B-lymphoblastoid cells or the human erythroleukemia cell line K562 transfected to express HLA-A2 when used as target cells.

In this study, beta-2-microglobulin (beta 2 m, beta(2) m) linked HLA-A24 single chain was expressed on RMA-S cell line defective in the endogenous antigen processing and applied for screening of peptides which could stabilize the HLA-A24 complex on the cell surface.

Most possible combinations of uterine NK KIR receptors and fetal HLA-C molecules expressed by the trophoblast are compatible with normal pregnancy, but the risk of severe preeclampsia appears to be far higher than normal when the mother\s uterine NK cells do not express activating KIR (AA genotype) and when her fetus possesses group C2 HLA-C molecules.

To explore this, we analyzed HLA-C,12:02-restricted HIV-1 peptides presented on HIV-1-infected cells expressing only HLA-C,12:02 (a protective allele) using liquid chromatography-tandem MS (LC-MS/MS).

This observation was consistent across a panel of class I-reduced (C1R) cell lines expressing 14 different HLA-A or-B alleles and a panel of 721.221 cell lines expressing 11 HLA-C alleles.

To establish an NOD mouse model for the study of HLA-B,39:06, we expressed it in the absence of murine class I MHC.

TCR-redirected CD8⁺ T cells lysed WT1-overexpressing human lung cancer cells in an HLA-A,2402-restricted manner, but did not kill normal cells positively expressing HLA-A,2402.

Surprisingly, only individuals expressing HLA-B,3508 show evidence of a CTL response to the (77) APQPAPENAY(86) epitope even though EBV-infected cells expressing HLA-B,3501 process and present similar amounts of peptide for CTL recognition, suggesting that factors other than peptide presentation levels are influencing immunogenicity.

HLA-B,0702 transgenic mice (expressing a chimeric heavy chain with a murine alpha 3 domain: HLA-B7(m alpha 3)) in which the H-2K(b) and H-2D(b) class I-a (Cl I-a(-/-)) genes have been inactivated were compared with H-2K(b) D(b) Cl I-a(+/+) positive controls.

The lysis pattern of the allogeneic cells appeared to be related to the NK2 specificity for both effector cells: LCL expressing HLA-Cw2, Cw4, Cw5, or Cw6 alleles were lysed, while LCL expressing HLA-Cw1, Cw3, or Cw7 molecules were resistant.

The serological polymorphism is poorly defined, HLA-C molecules are expressed at the cell surface at about 10 % the levels of HLA-A and-B, and their importance for antigen presentation to either CD8-bearing T cells or natural killer cells is unclear.

Interestingly, one patient did not express HLA-B,0702, but three clones from this patient recognised the MAGE-A1(289-298) peptide on a lymphoblastoid cell line (LCLs) expressing HLA-Cw7, and we now show evidence that the MAGE-A1(289-298) peptide is expressed and recognised through Cw7.

These new conditional ligands greatly add to the application of MHC-based technologies in the analyses of T-cell recognition as they represent frequently expressed HLA-B molecules.

HLA-A,0201 genes (wild type or mutated at residue 227) were transfected into a cell line that lacked expression of HLA-A or B molecules but expressed HLA-Cw4.

We hypothesized that the magnitude of the HLA-C-restricted immune pressure on HIV would be greater in subjects with highly expressed HLA-C alleles.

However, viral regulation of the MHC class II-mediated CD4+ T cell response is understudied in endogenous MHC class II-expressing cells, largely because the popular cell culture systems utilized for studying HCMV do not endogenously express MHC class II.

We investigated the impact of HCMV infection on MHC class II in Kasumi-3 cells, a myeloid-progenitor cell line that endogenously expresses the MHC class II gene, HLA-DR.

This is an important finding, as it highlights a mechanism of immune evasion utilized by HCMV to decrease the expression of MHC class II in a relevant cell system that endogenously expresses the MHC class II complex.

HA identified a morphologically distinct subpopulation of cells within the immature DC population (CD11c(+) MHC II(mid/low)) that were CCR5(+)/CCR7(-) and proliferated in response to GM-CSF, but, unlike immature DCs, did not develop into mature DCs expressing CCR7 and high levels of MHC II, even after stimulation with LPS.

The recombinant eukaryotic expression vector pEGFP-N1-MICA has been constructed successfully and stably expressed in Tca8113-Tb cell line, providing a foundation for further studies on the function of MICA in vitro.

It was found that MICA was expressed on ovarian and colonic tumour tissues and could be detected by these anti-MICA MoAbs.

The efficiency of this cytolytic activity depended greatly on the level of MICA expressed on the cell surface and could be inhibited by anti-MICA MoAbs.

To determine the function of MICB in vivo and the relationship between the expression of MICB and BD experimentally, we produced several transgenic mouse lines (termed CAG-MICB) expressing human MICB cDNA under a ubiquitous promoter.

Conversely, silencing of this miR cluster enhanced MICA expression in cells that express substantial amounts of MICA.

In agreement, MICA/B were expressed in vivo in well-differentiated colorectal tumors with retained epithelial characteristics, whereas no expression of MICA/B was detected in poorly differentiated and invasive colorectal tumors that have lost epithelial characteristics.

Interestingly, HLA-G and MICA/B were expressed in retinoblastoma cell, whereas MICA and ULBP-2 were not detected.

Compared to Caski cells which weakly expressed MICA, higher cytolytic activity of NK cells was found against HeLa cells, which expressed relatively higher level of MICA.

Major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class I chain-related A (MICA) molecules deliver activating signals through the NKG2D receptor expressed on the surface of natural killer (NK), CD8alphabeta and gammadelta T cells, and the MICA gene is polymorphic.

Retroviral transduction of different MICA alleles into fibroblasts HFF-D, which express no MICA of their own, established that full-length MICA was down-regulated by HCMV, and the truncated form was not.

In the present study, we examined induction of MICA/B on DCs by various innate cytokines and found that DCs from either healthy donors or HCV-infected individuals, upon IL-15 stimulation express MICA/B and can activate NK cells, which is solely dependent on MICA/B-NKG2D interaction.

MICA/B expressed on hepatoma cells contributed to their NK sensitivity, because Huh7 and HepG2 were less susceptible to NK cytolysis when MAb against MICA/B was added during the cytolysis assay.

NCRs specific for classical and non-classical MHC class I proteins expressed in complex patterns of inhibitory and activating isoforms on overlapping, but distinct, subsets of NK cells, play an important role in immunosurveillance against cells that have reduced MHC class I expression as a result of infection or transformation.

Using anti-MICA specific rabbit sera we previously demonstrated that freshly isolated monocytes, keratinocytes, fibroblasts, and endothelial cells express MICA.

Although this finding raises the question of how these patients became immunized, the fact that the polymorphic, HLA-like MICA molecule expressed at the cell surface of endothelial cells, is recognized by specific antibodies in sera of transplanted patients, suggests the MICA may be a target molecule in allograft rejection.

Unequivocal MICA typing was achieved for 85 of the 103 cells tested, 6 cells gave ambiguous MICA types, and a further 12 cells showed patterns consistent with them expressing at least one new MICA allele.

Clinical observations suggest a role for donor MICA antigens expressed on transplant endothelial cells in the alloimmune response, but the effect of MICA genotype is not well understood.

To observe whether MHC class I chain-related antigen A (MICA) was expressed on monocytes, immature dendritic cells (iDCs), and mature dendritic cells (mDCs), and to study effect of up-regulation of MICA expression by DCs on biologic activity of NK cells.

The results showed that the recombinant MICA protein expressed with soluble form in host with pET-28a-MICA vector after IPTG induction.

Cells transfected with wild-type MICA expression vector expressed cell surface MICA more than those transfected with mutant MICA expression vectors designed for abrogation of N-linked glycosylation.

MICA interacts with the invariant activating receptor NKG2D expressed by cytotoxic lymphocytes, and is located in the MHC, next to HLA-B Hence, MICA has the requisite attributes of a bona fide transplantation antigen.

To study the possible function of the cleft located in human MICA/B\s alpha 1 domain, we attempted to express the human MICB-α1 (hMICB-α1) domain allele protein, which is approximately 20.5 \240\kDa, by utilizing an Escherichia coli (E.

MICA expressed lowly in oral squamous cell carcinoma cells, over-expression of MICA could significantly increase the killing activity of NK92 cells, which could be related with the regulation of ADAM.

Four allelic MICB alleles (8, 3, 4, and 502) were cloned and stable cell lines expressing these MICB alleles were produced.

Fetal cytotrophoblasts, which are in direct contact with the maternal immune system in the uterus during pregnancy, do not express HLA-A and HLA-B, but express the nonclassical class I HLA-G and HLA-C.

Ligation of the NK cell receptor KIR3DL1 by HLA-Bw4 allotypes resulted in inhibition of cytotoxicity against HLA-B,4403-transfected melanomas as well as against melanomas endogenously expressing HLA-Bw4 allotypes.

The HLA-A2 and HLA-Aw69 molecules share an antigenic determinant not expressed by HLA-Aw68 and HLA-A3.

CTL were generated in secondary and tertiary mixed lymphocyte culture against the HLA-A3 subtype of donor E1 by culturing irradiated E1 peripheral blood lymphocytes with the peripheral blood lymphocytes of responder donor M3 (M3 shares all defined class I antigens with E1 but expresses a different HLA-A3 subtype).

Immunoprecipitation analysis of both antigens by either sodium dodecyl sulfate polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis (SDS-PAGE) or isoelectric focusing (IEF) showed that they were identical to the HLA-A2 and HLA-B7 expressed in the human lymphoblastoid cell line JY (homozygous HLA-A2, HLA-B7).

This chromosome, which carries the major histocompatibility complex (MHC) originated from a human B cell which expresses class I and class II MHC antigens.

In addition, most clones discriminate between prototypical HLA-A2 antigens expressed by the majority of HLA-A2-positive individuals, and variant HLA-A2 antigens, which are serologically identical with the prototype, but distinguishable by human cytotoxic T cells and by biochemical analysis.

We have used flow microfluorimetry to investigate quantitatively the expression of HLA-A, B and C antigens, and beta 2 microglobulin, by cell lines derived from human teratocarcinomas, Although low levels of these cell surface molecules were expressed by all the lines examined, there was no evidence of discrete HLA-A, B, C/beta 2-microglobulin positive and negative subpopulations in any cultures.

In the early fetal thymus the cortical epithelial cells and an apparently more mobile medullary interdigitating cell population expressed large amounts of Ia-like (HLA-DR) and moderate amounts of HLA-ABC antigens while the lymphoid cells in the cortex expressed human T lymphocyte and cortical thymocyte antigens but were Ia-, HLA-ABC-.

These differences of the titers were reflected to microlymphocytotoxicity assay in which 1-145 culture supernatant lysed all PBLs expressing HLA-A2-A28 and-A23 but did not lyse PBLs expressing HLA-A24.

Six of seven clones were able to lyse mouse L cells co-transfected with HLA-A2 and either LFA-3 (LA2/LFA-3) or ICAM-1 (LA2/ICAM-1) in the presence of p[59-68] but did not lyse L cells that expressed only HLA-A2 and peptide.

Immunohistochemical analysis of fresh melanoma lesions also showed that in the tumors the HLA-A loci are expressed normally, while on the majority of tumor cells no HLA-B antigen expression was found.

Peptide-reactive human CTLs were generated from peripheral blood mononuclear cells of HLA-A2(+) healthy donors by in vitro stimulation with the three peptides, and those CTLs successfully exhibited cytotoxic responses to cancer cells expressing both KIF20A and HLA-A2.

In this study, human-like myeloma mouse models (HLA-A2-transgenic NOD/SCID mice) were developed, which express mature and functional human MHC class I (HLA-A2 and human beta2M) on murine organs and present high levels of circulating human beta2M derived from human myeloma cells.

In addition, peptides-reactive CTLs were successfully induced from peripheral blood mononuclear cells by in vitro stimulation with these two peptides in HLA-A2-positive healthy donors and cancer patients, and these CTLs exhibited cytotoxicity specific to cancer cells expressing both CDH3 and HLA-A2.

DOM-peptide vaccines, each encoding a different WT1-derived, HLA-A2-restricted epitope, induced cytotoxic T lymphocytes (CTLs) in humanized transgenic mice expressing chimeric HLA-A2, without affecting hematopoietic stem cells.

In the present study, we overcome this limitation by generating new immuno-deficient mice named " HUMAMICE" (HLA-A2+/+/DR1+/+/H-2-β2m-/-/IAβ-/-/Rag2-/-/IL2rγ-/-/Perf-/- mice), which expressed human HLA molecules instead of mouse MHC molecules (H-2), and whose immuno-deficient status was reversed by transferring functional HLA-matched PBMCs thus producing mice with an immuno-competent status with a functional human immune system.

HLA-A11 Tg mice expressing a chimeric major histocompatibility complex (MHC) molecule comprising the α1, α2, and β2m domains of human HLA-A11 and the α3 transmembrane and cytoplasmic domains of murine H-2D(b) were generated.

To show that the HLA-A2 CTF is subsequently cleaved by PS1/gamma-secretase, we re-duced its activity in cell lines stably expressing HLA-A2 and in Jurkat T-cells expressing endogenous MHC I.

To demonstrate the sensitivity of our approach we characterized peptides binding to HLA-C molecules that are usually expressed at the cell surface at approximately only 10 % the levels of HLA-A or HLA-B.

The induced CTLs exhibited specific lysis against T2 cells pulsed with the peptide and HLA-A2+ HCC cells expressing MAGE-n, while HLA-A2+ HCC cell lines that did not express MAGE-n could not be recognized by the CTLs.

We have demonstrated HLA-A24-restricted peptide, CEA652[9] (TYACFVSNL), was capable of eliciting specific cytotoxic T lymphocytes (CTLs) which could lyse tumor cells expressing HLA-A24 and CEA.

However, it is largely unknown whether HCMV downregulates the class I MHC molecules in placental extravillous cytotrophoblasts (EVT), which express HLA-C,-E, and-G to protect a semiallogenic fetus from maternal natural killer (NK) cells at the fetomaternal interface.

To identify regulatory sequences involved in locus-specific HLA class I gene transcription, a series of truncated HLA-A2 and HLA-B7 promoter-reporter constructs were transfected into melanoma cell lines expressing high and low levels of endogenous HLA-B, but comparable levels of HLA-A.

In this study, soluble recombinant single-chain human MHC (scMHC)-peptide complexes were generated by in vitro refolding of inclusion bodies from bacterially expressed engineered HLA-A2 in the presence of tumor-associated or viral peptides.

Two HLA-A2-negative cell lines, A431 and SKBr3, naturally expressing p53 mutations at positions 273 and 175 respectively, were transfected with a cDNA encoding HLA-A2.

Furthermore, cultured endothelial cells and smooth muscle cells express low, approximately equal amounts of HLA-A,-B, and-C mRNAs, whereas donor-matched, EBV transformed B cells express much more HLA-B mRNA, suggesting that cell type dependent regulation underlies differential locus expression.

To clarify the function of tapasin in the processing of antigenic peptides, we studied the interaction of peptide and TAP, peptide transport across the membrane of the ER, and association of peptides with MHC class I molecules in the microsomes derived from tapasin mutant cell line 721.22, its sister cell line 721.221 expressing tapasin, and their HLA-A2 transfectants.

We hypothesized that if antigen processing of the P210 fusion protein leads to presentation of peptides from the fusion region by major histocompatibility complex (MHC) molecules in vivo, this may be reflected in a diminished incidence of CML in individuals expressing HLA-A3,-A11, or-B8.

To study the involvement of promoter elements in HLA-B locus-specific downregulation, a series of reporter constructs containing 5 \-flanking sequences of the HLA-A2 and-B7 genes were transfected into melanoma cell lines expressing high and low levels of HLA-B antigens.

A signaling-competent HER2 molecule was crucial for the observed HLA-A2 down-regulation, as transfectants expressing high levels of HER2 mutated in the tyrosine signaling domain did not show altered HLA-A2 expression.

First, HLA-C is expressed by extravillous trophoblasts, whereas HLA-A and HLA-B are not.

To investigate how MHC I provides IAV resistance, crystal structures of the dominantly expressed duck MHC class I (pAnpl-UAA,01) with two IAV peptides were determined.

The major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class I and class II transcriptional activators NLRC5 and CIITA are expressed neither by EVT nor by the EVT model cell line JEG3, which has an MHC expression pattern identical to that of EVT.

Additionally, the T790M-5- and T790M-7-specific T cell lines displayed an MHC class I-restricted reactivity against NSCLC cell lines expressing both HLA-A2 and the T790M mutation.

The major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class I HLA-B7 transgene carrying a 660-bp upstream sequence is expressed in the mouse with tissue specificity that parallels that of the expression of endogenous mouse MHC class I (H-2) genes.

Earlier we observed that cells transfected with HLA-B27 alpha-chains and beta 2 m were significantly more infected than cells expressing HLA-A2 + beta 2 m or HLA-B7 or HLA-B27 without beta 2 m.

For this purpose we used murine transfected cells expressing at their surface hybrid antigens between HLA-B7 and-B27 and, in addition, Epstein-Barr virus cell lines expressing the six HLA-B27 alleles B,2701 to B,2706.

Six of the clones were subsequently shown to lyse all tested HLA-B7-positive B and T lymphoid cell lines, peripheral blood lymphocytes, and a murine L cell that expressed HLA-B7 as a consequence of DNA-mediated gene transfer.

By appropriate crossings between HLA-B27 double-transgenic mice and Kb mutant bm1 mice, and after subsequent selection, H-2bm1 homozygous mice were produced expressing the human HLA-B27.

By immunofluorescence and flow cytometry, the HLA-B27 gene product was expressed on lymphoid cells at levels comparable to the endogenous H-2b and H-2s class I MHC molecules.

We show that HLA-B27 transgenic mice and rats express HC10-reactive, beta(2) m-free HLA-B27 homodimers (B27(2)) and multimers, both intracellularly and at the cell surface of leukocytes, including rat dendritic cells.

Human NK cell function is regulated by clonally distributed inhibitory receptors termed " Killer cell Immunoglobulin-like Receptors" (KIRs) that recognize epitopes (" KIR ligands") shared by HLA-C and HLA-B class I allele groups and every functional NK cell in the repertoire expresses at least one receptor for self HLA-class I molecules.

A peptide nonamer GRWRGWYTY was isolated and identified from this beta(2) m-free HLA-B2705 H chain and was used to assemble the mAb MARB4 reactive form efficiently on the surface of cells expressing HLA-B2705.

From SBT analysis, which involves determination of partial sequences of mixed alleles, these investigators reported that cell lines KT17 (HLA-B3562) and OLGA (HLA-B62) from the reference panel of the 10 th International Histocompatibility Workshop express novel variants of HLA-B15 (B1501-MN6) and HLA-B35 (B3501-MN7) respectively.

To investigate whether the classical HLA MHC class I loci have been preserved during evolution of the primates, we have cloned, sequenced, and expressed eight MHC class I cDNA from orangutan and gibbon lymphocytes.

There is a dose effect of KIR for self-MHC on effector capacity, but even in the most highly responsive NK cells expressing more than one inhibitory KIR for self-MHC the presentation of only one cognate MHC ligand is sufficient to abolish response.

These results suggest that HLA-C blank Ag are most probably expressed on cells in HLA-C blank individuals and that the primary structures of these Ag, which were not detectable by the available alloantisera, may be incapable of generating corresponding alloantibodies.

Transfectants of 721.221 (a class I MHC-negative human B cell line) expressing only HLA-Cw4 or-Cw6 or their respective non-glycosylated mutants (N86Q, S88A) were made.

Binding of KIR2DS4-Ig fusion protein to cells expressing HLA-Cw4 but not to those expressing HLA-Cw6 was also observed.

The MHC S gene is expressed specifically in keratinocyte differentiation and, being located 160 kb telomeric of HLA-C, is a plausible candidate gene.

Class II major histocompatibility complex (MHC)-restricted T cells that expressed a costimulatory natural killer (NK) cell receptor for class I MHC proteins were cloned.

The HLA-C antigens are poorly expressed on the cell surface, they display multiple proteins with different isoelectric points, and alloimmunization to HLA-C antigens is less common.

The affinity, Ka, of insulin binding sites is approximately 10 (8) M-1 in mutants expressing antigen HLA-B5 together with other HLA antigens and in mutants expressing only HLA-C.

As uterine NK (uNK) cells can mature from NK precursors and acquire KIR expression in utero, the pregnancy-specific bias of uNK cells toward HLA-C recognition could arise as developing uNK cells interact with uterine stromal cells, which express higher levels of HLA-C during pregnancy.

Therefore, here we sought to determine whether murine CD8αα binds only to tissue-specific MHC-Ib molecules or also to ubiquitously expressed MHC-Ib molecules.

Our results contradict the suggestion that birds only have a single dominantly expressed MHC-I gene by demonstrating several highly expressed MHC-I gene copies in a passerine.

In this study, we assessed the role of MHCII regulation in the development and migration of these cells in mouse models expressing differential MHCII levels.

In contrast to healthy skin specimens, in which the MHC class II pathway was nearly uniformly expressed and intact, there was substantial variation in the MHC class II pathway in the The Cancer Genome Atlas melanoma specimens.

NK cells recognize MHC class I (MHC-I) Ags via stochastically expressed MHC-I-specific inhibitory receptors that prevent NK cell activation via cytoplasmic ITIM.

To determine if sarcolemmal MHC is expressed in active IMM in horses, if MHC expression is associated with lymphocytic subtype, and if dysferlin is expressed in IMM.

Long-term tumor regressions have been observed in patients following the adoptive transfer of autologous tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes or genetically modified T cells expressing MHC class I-restricted T-cell receptors (TCRs), but clinical trials have not evaluated responses to genetically modified T cells expressing antitumor MHC class II-restricted TCRs.

In human and mouse, NK cells recognize and respond to classical and nonclassical MHC I molecules as well as structural homologues, whereas mouse ILCs have recently been shown to express MHC II.

Western blotting analyses indicated that both MHC class II α and II β were expressed ubiquitously in immune-related cells, tissues and organs, and that MHC class II α and II β chains existed mainly as heterodimers.

While MHC-I is widely expressed on cells of both hematopoietic and non-hematopoietic origins, antigen presentation via MHC-II is more precisely regulated.

The MHC I((neg)) population expressed the SC markers CD34, Sca-1 and CD90, but did not express MHC II or c-kit.

Despite the importance of characterizing the MHC-II alleles expressed in model species like pig-tailed macaques, to date, less than 150 MHC-II alleles have been named for the six most common classical class II loci (DRA, DRB, DQA, DQB, DPA, and DPB) in this population.

We hypothesize that the limit on MHC number is due to negative consequences arising from expressing additional MHC.

Although tumor cells widely express MHC-I, a subset of tumors originating from a variety of tissues also express MHC-II, an antigen-presenting complex traditionally associated with professional antigen-presenting cells.

We manipulated SIVmac239Δnef, a model of major histocompatibility complex (MHC)-independent viral control, to evaluate characteristics of effective cellular responses mounted by Mauritian cynomolgus macaques (MCMs) that express the M3 MHC haplotype, which has been associated with poor control of pathogenic simian immunodeficiency virus (SIV).

The CsMHC II α, β, and γ mRNAs were widely expressed in Chinese sturgeon, and the highest expression was found in spleen for CsMHC II α and β chains, while in head kidney for CsMHC II γ chain.

Since most tumours do not constitutively express MHC class II molecules, models were engineered that expressed MHC class II under the control of an IFNγ inducible promoter.

We have previously demonstrated that murine LNSCs, lymphatic endothelial cells (LECs), blood endothelial cells (BECs), and fibroblastic reticular cells (FRCs) use the IFN-γ-inducible promoter IV (pIV) of the MHC class II (MHCII) transactivator CIITA to express MHCII.

Finally, we identify enhanced expression of FCRL6, another MHC-II receptor expressed on NK and T cells, in the microenvironment of MHC-II+ tumors.

Here, we generated a floxed B2m mouse to acutely down-regulate MHC-I in vivo in a host that normally expresses MHC-I.

We have also generated MHC-I-K(d) Tg mice, which express the K(d) molecule under the MHC class I (MHC-I) promoter, as a positive control.

CBFbeta-SMMHC decreased the formation of myeloid, but not erythroid, colonies two- to four-fold, and myeloid colonies expressing CBFbeta-SMMHC were markedly reduced in size.

The affinity of 232 8-to 11-mer peptides carrying HLA-A,3303 anchor residues at position 2 (P2) (Ala, Ile, Leu, Val, Phe or Tyr) and the C-terminus (Arg) was analysed by a stabilization assay using RMA-S transfectants expressing HLA-A,3303 and human beta2-microglobulin.

The binding of 136 8-to 12-mer peptides carrying anchor residues at position 2 (P2) and the C-terminus to HLA-A,1101 molecules was analyzed by a stabilization assay using RMA-S transfectants expressing HLA-A,1101 and human beta2-microglobulin.

However, assisted reproductive technologies, such as in vitro fertilization (IVF) and embryo transfer, can be used for production of MHC-defined macaques expressing multiple MHC class I and II molecules for which SIV peptides, tetramers and ELISPOT assays exist.

In the rapid progressors, two patterns of MHC-II expression were present: (1) a widely disseminated pattern of MHC-II expressing microglia and microglial nodules in cortical gray matter and subcortical white matter, and (2) a more focal pattern in which MHC-II expressing microglia were concentrated into white matter.

We report here that HIV-1 infection of the SCID-hu Thy/Liv mouse leads to the induction of MHC class I (MHCI) expression on CD4+CD8+ (DP) thymocytes, which normally express low levels of MHCI.

Macaques immunized with human MHC gene products are protected from simian immunodeficiency virus challenge when the virus is grown in cells expressing the same MHC alleles.

The principle behind combining NK cells and CTLs is a dual advantage approach combining the innate immune system and adaptive immune system wherein the CTLs will kill the MHC expressing cancer cells while NK cells will kill the MHC non-expressing cancer cells also.

Increased frequencies of HLA-DRB1,04 allele and HLA-A,03-B,44-DRB1,04 haplotype, and decreased frequency of HLA-B,15 were associated with better response to IFN-β treatment.

The increased frequency of HLA-B,40:01 and decreased frequency of HLA-B,07 was also seen in Han Chinese and African-Americans with AS.

Furthermore, HLA-Cw6 was also decreased in CML, whereas, HLA-A33 and Bw4 were decreased in SAA.

The same was with the increase in the frequency of HLA-B5, B13, B27, Cw2 and the decrease in the frequency of HLA-A2, B12, B14, B15, B4 and Cw3.

Increased frequencies of HLA-A29 and HLA-Cw4 antigens and a decreased frequency of HLA-B8 antigen were also noted, but with P greater than 0.1, in the Caucasian AIDS-KS group.

In 16 patients who responded moderately or markedly to treatment with gamma-type endorphins, an increase of HLA-B15/Cw3 and a decrease of HLA-B17 were found as compared to 16 patients with no or a slight response.

AP patients showed a significantly increased occurrence of HLA-B,14 and-Cw,08 as well as a significantly decreased frequency of HLA-A,03.

MICA also caused a decrease in oxidative stress, which could also contribute to the protective effect of MICA against Aβ toxicity.

Preliminary sequence analysis revealed that MICA ∗009:01 or ∗049 alleles were significantly decreased in patients with CRC (p = 0.0049), and further stratification analysis indicated that MICA ∗012:01 allele was associated with patients with CRC and carrying KRAS codon 12 mutation (p = 0.027).

NSCLC patients showed a significant increase in the frequency of KIR2DL1 and its ligand HLA-C2 and a corresponding decrease in frequency of KIR2DL3 and its ligand HLA-C1 in homozygotes.

Our data demonstrated that Chinese patients with MM carry significantly increased frequencies of HLA-C,03:03 (FDR = 0.0269), HLA-C,07:63 (FDR = 0.0278) and HLA-C,08:22 (FDR = 0.0442) comparing with controls, while significantly decreased frequency of HLA-C,01:02 (FDR = 0.0414) comparing with controls.

HLA-A and-B were decreased on cells infected with HIV strains that could decrease MHC class I molecules, whereas HLA-C and-E remained on the surface.

Moreover, we demonstrate that NK cells lacking HLA-C and-E inhibitory receptors kill T-cell blasts infected with HIV strains that decrease MHC class I molecules.

Transfection in 293 T cells, expressing MHC class I and class II molecules, revealed that specific deletions in COOH terminus resulted in decreased MHC class II presentation, without effects on class I presentation, suggesting a role in MIIC trafficking for these deleted sections.

In summary, our results highlight the complex role of HLA-C in lentiviral infections and demonstrate that HIV-1 and HIV-2 have evolved at least two independent mechanisms to decrease HLA-C levels on infected cells.

IM did not affect MICA mRNA levels, but decreased MICA protein production and release.

For this purpose, HLA-A,0201 epitopes GILGFVFTL, FMYSDFHFI and NMLSTVLGV were selected in order of decreasing MHC-affinity and dominance.

Blocking specific peptide-MHC with monoclonal antibody unexpectedly decreased velocities on days 7 through 9, suggesting TCR/peptide-MHC interactions promote cell mobility in the tissue.

Decreasing ADAM9 expression in CD133si-PLC/PRF/5 cells and CD133- Huh7 cells resulted in an increase in membrane-bound MICA and a decrease in soluble MICA production.

Sorafenib treatment resulted in decreased expression of ADAM9, increased expression of membrane-bound MICA expression, and decreased levels of soluble MICA in HCC cells.

Interestingly, miR-520b acted on both the MICA 3 \-untranslated region and the promoter region and caused a decrease in the levels of MICA transcript.

Frequency of MICA9 and-5.1/9 was also decreased in IAA and/or IA2 antibody-positive patients while MICA5/5.

MICA short tandem repeat analysis indicated a significant decrease in the frequency for the MICA-A9 repeat in patients diagnosed with oral cavity squamous cell carcinoma (SCC) but not in patients with SCC in the hypoharynx, larynx, or oropharynx.

In these experiments, after culture for 120 hours, the staining for MICA in fibroblasts decreased to about 20 % of the initial amount and MICA mRNA fell in parallel, while HLA class I staining was maintained or even became somewhat stronger.

TNFα upregulates MICA while IFNγ significantly decreases MICA at the EC surface.

Valproic acid, a histone deacetylase inhibitor, increases the expression of cell surface MHC class I-related chain molecules (MICs) A and B (MICA and B) in osteosarcoma cells and decreases their secretion of soluble MICA and MICB, which are produced by the proteolytic cleavage of cell surface MICs.

Levels of CD56+ NK cells and activating ligand MICA were decreased in breast lobules with fibrocystic change, and MICA levels showed a significant stepwise decrease with increasing histopathologic abnormality.

HLA-A2 expression was also decreased by treatment with leupeptin and bestatin, while HLA-A11 expression was affected by treatment with phenanthroline.

Targeting of the free MHC-I-Hc, and not the MHC-I-Hc-beta(2)-microglobulin complex, by p12(I) represents a novel mechanism of viral interference and disrupts the intracellular trafficking of MHC-I, which results in a significant decrease in surface levels of MHC-I on human T-cells.

During or after the acute infection, the expression of MHC class I antigens was markedly decreased in eight patients, all with genotype HLA-B27, and six out of eight with reactive arthritis (ReA).

However, patients negative for the HLA-B27 genotype, or healthy HLA-B27-positive individuals, did not have a significant decrease of MHC class I antigens.

In contrast, H-2s (HLA-B27+) mice showed a dramatic decrease in extent of demyelination and number of virus-Ag+ cells in the spinal cord compared with H-2s (HLA-B27-) littermate mice.

In invasive adenocarcinoma lesions, only the expression of HLA-B, C heavy chains was decreased and no differences were seen in HLA-B, C heavy chain expression patterns between primary and metastatic lesions.

Nor was there any significant association between decreased suppressor cell activity and HLA-A,-B,-C,-D antigens, although there was a tendency towards association between decreased suppressor cell activity and HLA-B27.

Compared to age-matched MHC-Cre- mice, dystrophin protein level was significantly decreased in hearts from MHC-Cre+ mice of more than 12-weeks-old.

\240\divergens GPIs did not change expression of MHC class I, but decreased expression of MHC class II at the cell surface, while GPIs slightly increased the percentages of apoptotic cells.

In addition, pMSC co-culture increased the surface expression of major histocompatibility complex (MHC-II) molecules on iDCs but decreased MHC-II expression on mDCs.

Nuclear expression of CBFbeta(Delta2-11)-SMMHC was decreased relative to CBFbeta-SMMHC.

Our results indicate that downregulation of major histocompatibility complex class I (MHC-I) A and B by wild-type Nef confers an advantage to the virus of about 82 % in decreased CTL killing efficiency on average, meaning that abolishing the MHC-I downregulation function of Nef would increase killing by more than fivefold.

Blockade of macrophage mannose receptor (MMR) and β7-integrin enhanced MHCI and MHCII presentation by IDCs and mature DCs, whereas the block of complement receptor 3 decreased MHCI and MHCII presentation.

The analysis of distribution rates of HLA-alleles and haplotype revealed 16 alleles alternatives of locus HLA-A, 24-HLA-B, 13-HLA-C, 13-HLA-DRB1.

Retrospective manual interpretation of HLA-B and HLA-C typing revealed that weak positive reactions were indeed owed to paternal HLA-B and HLA-C alleles and that the patient had both maternal and one paternal allele.

HLA-A11 appears with a low frequency in the Negroids (gf = 0.004) and the Caucasoids revealed an absence of HLA-Bw70.

Comparisons of the HLA antigen frequencies in normal controls and in different subsets of patients with malignant choroidal melanoma, partitioned on the basis of histological tumour cell types and inclusion of the splits of all the HLA-A and-B locus antigens revealed significant heterogenity only in HLA-B (P = 0.043) in the \ pure spindle\ cell type choroidal melanomas.

Sequencing analysis of the full length HLA-Cw4 cDNA amplified from the cell line 13 W095-01 revealed a base deletion at codon 365 in exon 7, resulting in a reading frame shift that added 32 amino acids at the C-terminal of the HLA-Cw4 heavy chain.

The variability in donor responses to MICA-activation was evaluated in vitro revealing that donors with poor osteogenic potential were most improved by MICA-activation.

Although the molecular docking of two epitopes, 3 FPLLKEFLV11/47FPLLKEFLV55 and 50 KLSTVPEGV58, into an HLA-A0202 model revealed a good fit in the docked structures, 50 KLSTVPEGV58 and 94 KLSTVPEEV102 are still considered as the proteins\ best epitopes for allele HLA-A0202.

Despite the low risk for eliciting broad cross-reactivity of this TCRm-Ab, analysis of a panel of cell lines, in conjunction with exogenous expression of either or both the HLA-A,02:01 and WT1 genes in HeLa cells revealed that # 25-8 reacts with WT1C but also with unknown peptides in the context of HLA-A,02:01.

Furthermore, DNA typing of the HLA-B locus revealed that the patient had HLA-B51 associated with Behçet\s disease.

Transfection in 293 T cells, expressing MHC class I and class II molecules revealed that specific deletions in COOH terminus resulted in decreased MHC class II presentation, without effects on class I presentation, suggesting a role in MIIC trafficking for these deleted sections.

Three patients had identical HLA-Cw3 and all four cases revealed identical HLA-A24(9).

To our knowledge, these data provide the first direct evidence incriminating MHC class I genes and CD8(+) T cells in the pathogenesis of human multiple sclerosis and reveal a network of MHC interactions that shape the risk of multiple sclerosis.

A correlation between the fine specificity of these CTL clones and the amino acid sequences of HLA-B27 and HLA-DR2 subtypes revealed a shared structural motif between HLA-B27 and the DR2 B5,0101 chain, which could be related to the observed cross-reaction.

In situ and Northern blot hybridization of MHC II (MHC class II DR-alpha) RNA expression in response to IFN-gamma stimulation revealed that MHC class II DR-alpha mRNA accumulated in uninfected cells but not in cells infected with VZV.

HLA-A24 tetramer analysis reveals a significant expansion of PPI(3-11)-specific CD8 T cells in the blood of HLA-A,24(+) recent-onset patients compared with HLA-matched control subjects.

Furthermore, the results of the MHC-peptide complex stabilization assay revealed that peptide NS4b_40 (TLYAVATTI) has a high affinity for HLA-A,0201 molecules.

Single-cell PCR analysis on β-cell-specific (HLA-B7 tetramer-positive) T cells revealed uniform IFN-γ and transforming growth factor-β (TGF-β) mRNA expression, different from HLA-A2-restricted T cells.

Analysis of a genotype 1 b strain from a single-source HCV outbreak in which HLA-B 57 was not protective revealed sequence variations that interfere with immunogenicity, thereby preventing HLA-B 57-mediated immune pressure.

The unbiased analysis of a paradigmatic Vα3S1/Vβ13S1-T-cell receptor from a pathogenic epidermal CD8+ T-cell clone of an HLA-C,06:02+ psoriasis patient had revealed that HLA-C,06:02 directs an autoimmune response against melanocytes through autoantigen presentation, and it identified a peptide form ADAMTS-like protein 5 as an HLA-C,06:02-presented melanocyte autoantigen.

MICA-TM microsatellite typing revealed that, among the different clinical forms of PsA, only the combined PA/SP subset shows a significant positive association with MICA-A9 and a lower frequency of MICA-A4, A5 genotype in PsA patients with a decrease, only in the PA/SP cohort, of all MICA-A5 combinations except MICA-A5,-A9.

Analysis of MICA alleles conditional on T1D-associated high-risk MHC class II haplotypes revealed that MICA,A6 was associated with an increased risk for T1D when this marker co-occurred with HLA DQ2DR17 T1D-risk-haplotypes.

Analysis of estimated extended HLA-DQ-MICA haplotypes revealed individual effects of MICA alleles.

1 and negative association of MICA9 with the disease, and revealed that the interaction of the three major markers (DR3-DQ2, MICA5 and MICA5.

Polymerase chain reaction (PCR)-DNA conformation polymorphism (DCP) analysis and subsequent sequencing of the MICA gene have revealed that there are 5 MICA alleles which are different in the number of a GCT repeat in exon 5 : MICA alleles MICA-1.

A preliminary linkage analysis of the MICB alleles with those of the closely located MICA and HLA-B genes revealed no conspicuous linkage disequilibrium between them, implying the presence of a potential recombination hotspot between the MICB and MICA genes.

The variable gene regions of the MICA revealed different sequences, and no relation between V gene usage and shared epitope recognition of the MICA was evident.

Interestingly, a tentative superimposition of MICA variable residues on the HLA-A2 structure reveals a unique pattern of distribution, concentrated primarily on the outer edge of the MICA putative antigen binding cleft, apparently bordering an invariant ligand binding site.

Our survey also provides the first ever MICA datasets for Polynesians and reveal unusual distributions and associations with the HLA-B locus.

Analysis of the MICB 3 \ UTR revealed two novel sequences in cell lines KLO and WIN designated MICB-UTR8 and UTR9, respectively.

Multi-locus typing of the 94 samples carrying MICA,Del revealed two new haplotypes, HLA-A,11:01-B,13:01-MICA,Del-MICB,009N-DRB1,04:06 and HLA-B,35:01-MICA,Del-MICB,009N-DRB1,15:01, in addition to HLA-B,48-MICA,Del.

Gene set enrichment analysis (GSEA) was performed using RNA-sequencing data from The Cancer Genome Atlas Research Network (TCGA) to elucidate the biological role of MICA in ccRCC and revealed that MICA was significantly associated with the epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition (EMT) gene set, which was further confirmed by qRT-PCR.

In contrast to the organisation of the two class I HLA pseudogenes whose sequences have previously been determined, the sequence of the HLA-CW3 gene reveals an additional cytoplasmic encoding domain, making the organisation of this gene very similar to that of known H-2 class I genes and also the HLA-A3 gene.

Modification of the 5 \ end of HLA-B7 and HLA-B27 genes revealed the presence of enhancer sequences responding to IFN treatment in the 5 \ untranslated region of HLA-B7, but not of HLA-B27 and suggested further, independently acting enhancer elements downstream of the transcription initiation site.

Taken together, this suggested that NLRC5 acts in a manner similar to class II transactivator to drive MHC expression and revealed NLRC5 as an important regulator of basal MHC class I expression.

Analysis of tumor cell lines pretreated with IFN-gamma and TNF-alpha for Her2/neu protein and HLA-A2 molecule expression did not reveal a direct correlation between the levels of Her2/neu Ag, HLA-A2 molecule, and Her2(369)-A2 complex expression.

Enzyme-linked immunoabsorbent assay (ELISA) analysis of cord blood from three genetically HLA-A2 negative babies born to HLA-A2+ mothers and from two HLA-A3 negative babies born to HLA-A3+ mothers revealed significant NIMA HLA-A levels in cord plasma.

However, the present comparison of MHC class I gene intron variation revealed that chimpanzees have experienced a severe repertoire reduction at the orthologues of the HLA-A,-B, and-C loci.

Furthermore, the epitope prediction, based on an MHC database revealed differences in the ligation strength (score) to the HLA allele (class I and II) for a specific HLA-A2 peptide in the 42 patients (responders and nonresponders).

Their comparison with the MHC class I genes of apes and monkeys reveals the differential extent to which MHC class I genes have been preserved during primate evolution.

A crystal structure of a MART-1-specific γδ TCR, together with MHC/peptide revealed distinctive but similar docking properties to those previously reported for αβ TCRs, recognizing MART-1 on HLA-A,0201.

The control of gene regulation within the major histocompatibility complex (MHC) remains poorly understood, despite several expression quantitative trait loci (eQTL) studies revealing an association of MHC gene expression with independent tag-single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs).

Comparison of our findings to earlier findings with a human molecule (HLA-B(,) 4402) also revealed that a tapasin C95 mutation has a stronger effect on the maturation and stability of K(d) than HLA-B(,) 4402.

However, extensive analysis of the MHC class I molecules in this cohort revealed no statistically significant association between any particular MHC class I allele and susceptibility to reactive arthritis.

Sequence analysis of a 237 kb genomic fragment from the central region of the MHC has revealed that the HLA-B and HLA-C genes are contained within duplicated segments peri-B (53 kb) and peri-C (48 kb), respectively, and separated by an intervening sequence (IF) of 30 kb.

By contrast, analysis of the MHC class I alleles of North American native populations has revealed few new HLA-B alleles.

Stratification for HLA-B27 and DR4, the HLA alleles most frequently associated with late onset pauciarticular and late onset polyarticular JRA, respectively revealed a persistent effect of LMP2 BB homozygosity on disease susceptibility and phenotype that remained statistically significant in HLA-B27 positive children, and was not due to linkage disequilibrium.

Analysis of MHC haplotypes within families revealed in the patients seven MHC haplotypes with significant differences between the observed and expected frequencies (statistically significant delta values).

Our analyses of the two HLA-B27 subtypes in complex with a modified self-peptide containing a citrulline RRKWURWHL (U = citrulline) revealed that the heavy chain is more flexible in the HLA-B,2705 subtype than in the HLA-B,2709 subtype.

This novel approach to probing in vivo class I MHC structure revealed that the HLA-B27 heavy chain adopts conformations not previously described.

Comparing the cytoplasmic tail sequences of various MHC class I proteins revealed the presence of unique cysteine residues in some of the MHC class I molecules which are absent in others.

High resolution typing for HLA-B,40 alleles revealed predominance of HLA-B,4006 allele in both the study groups.

Bioinformatic analysis of the MHC side chains observed to contribute to the peptide anchor specificity, and other specific peptide contacts reveals HLA alleles associated with long-term nonprogression and a number of related HLA alleles that may share overlapping peptide repertoires with HLA-B,5703 and thus may display a similar capacity for efficient immune control of HIV-1 infection.

In support of this, studies on cells expressing individual MHC class I alleles have revealed that nef does not downmodulate HLA-C and HLA-E antigens.

Further fine mapping in the MHC region revealed five independent variants, including another novel locus, HLA-C position 275 (omnibus P = 9.78 × 10-12), specific to the Chinese population.

A recent study examined the structure and biophysics of N-terminally extended peptides in complex with MHC-I revealing the conformational adjustment of MHC to permit both binding of the peptide core and exposure of the peptide N terminus.

Recent studies of the avian MHC have nonetheless revealed intriguing connections between MHC structure and life history traits, and highlight the advantages of long-term ecological studies for understanding the patterns of MHC variation in the wild.

MHC class Iα sequencing revealed only three alleles with a nucleotide diversity of 0.001, while MHC class IIβ had five alleles with a with nucleotide diversity of 0.004.

Identification of the MHC restriction specificities revealed that the antigens were presented by two or three class I MHC alleles in each animal.

The results of KIR/HLA-C combination analysis showed that all individuals had at least one inhibitory or activating KIR/HLA-C pair, and one KIR/HLA-C pair was the most frequent (157/239), followed by two pairs (46/239), three pairs (33/239), and no pairs (3/239).

Remarkably, myeloma-PCs, compared to K562 and other hematological cancers, showed substantial over-expression of HLA-I (" increasing-self" instead of missing-self), including HLA-C, and mild expression of ligands for NKc activating receptors (aRec) CD112, CD155, ULBP-1 and MICA/B, which apparently renders myeloma-PCs susceptible to lysis mainly by licensed NKc.

Furthermore, there was significant interaction between HLA-B and telomeric KIR B haplotype (containing the activating genes KIR3DS1 and KIR2DS1) as well as HLA-B and the activating KIR gene KIR2DS5 (Pinteraction 0.001 and 0.012, respectively).

Surface or membrane-bound MICA activates NKG2D-mediated cytotoxicity, whereas soluble and exosomal MICAs down-regulate NKG2D.

Analysis of inhibitory and activating KIR and HLA-C ligands showed that all individuals displayed at least one inhibitory or activating KIR/HLA-C pair.

The match analysis found that the expression of inhibitory HLA-Cw-KIR is higher than that of activated HLA-Cw-KIR, suggesting that the HLA-Cw/KIR2D combination is characterized by preponderance of inhibitory signal pathway.

To get better insight into presumably permissive HLA-C MMs, we have developed a one-way in vitro mixed lymphocyte reaction (MLR) assay allowing to quantify activated CD56-CD137+CD8+ lymphocytes in HLA-C incompatible combinations.

Heterogeneous alloresponses were measured in 63 HLA-C-mismatched pairs with a positive assay in 52 % of the combinations (2.3-18.6 % activated CTLs), representing 24 different HLA-A~B~DRB1~DQB1 haplotypes.

For this reason, we have studied HLA-B,13:01-linked dapsone hypersensitivity to (a) explore whether the parent drug and/or nitroso metabolite activate T cells and (b) determine whether HLA-B,13:01 is involved in the response.

Aberrant properties of HLA-B,27 can activate the IL-23/IL-17 axis in HLA-B,27 transgenic rats and humans.

To study HLA-linked ADRs in vivo, we generated HLA-B,57:01-Tg mice and show that, although ABC activated Tg mouse CD8+ T cells in vitro in a HLA-B,57:01-dependent manner, the drug was tolerated in vivo.

Although MICA functions as a potent activating ligand of mouse NKG2D, H2-K(b)-MICA mice appear healthy without aberrations in lymphocyte subsets.

Human tumors frequently express the MICA and MICB ligands of the activating NKG2D receptor, but proteolytic shedding of MICA/B represents an important immune evasion mechanism in many human cancers.

We report in this study that human monocytes, upon TLR triggering, up-regulate MHC class I-Related Chain (MIC) A, but not other ligands for the activating immunoreceptor NKG2D like MICB or UL-16 binding proteins 1-3.

Although MICA expression did not render monocytes susceptible for NK cell cytotoxicity, LPS-treated monocytes stimulated IFN-gamma production of activated NK cells which was substantially dependent on MICA-NKG2D interaction.

In contrast the NK-sensitive T-ALL (MOLT-4) expressed moderate amounts of MHC class I chain-related gene AB (MICA/B) a ligand for the NK cell activating receptor NKG2D, while expression of MICA/B was absent in resistant B-ALL cell lines.

In the present study, we examined induction of MICA/B on DCs by various innate cytokines and found that DCs from either healthy donors or HCV-infected individuals, upon IL-15 stimulation, express MICA/B and can activate NK cells, which is solely dependent on MICA/B-NKG2D interaction.

MICA/B are major ligands for NK cell activating receptor NKG2D and previous studies showed that the serum level of soluble MICA (sMICA) is an independent prognostic factor for advanced human hepatocellular carcinoma.

Here, we report that an engineered clustered regularly interspaced short palindromic repeats-Cas9-related complex targeting MICA gene promoter sequences activates transcription of the MICA gene from its endogenous locus.

MICA interacts with the invariant activating receptor NKG2D, expressed by cytotoxic lymphocytes, and is located in the MHC, next to HLA-B Hence, MICA has the requisite attributes of a bona fide transplantation antigen.

Several agonist epitopes were defined and were shown to (a) have higher affinity and avidity for HLA-A2, (b) activate mesothelin-specific T cells from normal individuals or cancer patients to a greater degree than the native epitope in terms of induction of higher levels of IFN-gamma and the chemokine lymphotactin, and (c) lyse several mesothelin-expressing tumor types in a MHC-restricted manner more effectively than T cells generated using the native peptide.

Our preclinical studies have shown that wild-type p53-derived HLA-A2-binding peptides are able to activate human T cells and that the generated effector T cells are cytotoxic to human HLA-A2+, p53+ tumour cells.

The NF-kappaB subunit RelA strongly activated the HLA-A2 and-B7 promoters but only weakly activated the HLA-Cw6 promoter due to the variant kappaB.

All three promoters were activated by MHC class II trans-activator, but not CREB-binding protein, whereas IFN regulatory factor-1 and-2 weakly activated the HLA-B7 and-Cw6, but not HLA-A2, promoters.

Isoelectrofocusing analysis confirmed the presence of both HLA-Cw4 molecular conformations in activated T cells and indicated that HLA-Cw4 heavy chains can bind to mouse beta2m with the same low affinity displayed for human beta2m.

MHC-I APP gene promoters in MHC-I low cancers harbor bivalent activating H3K4me3 and repressive H3K27me3 histone modifications, silencing basal MHC-I expression and restricting cytokine-induced upregulation.

On the other hand, several genes involved in the MHC class II-mediated antigen presentation pathway were activated to a greater extent after the HEP-Flury infection as compared with the CVS-11 infection suggesting that the collaboration of CD4(+) T cells and MHC class II-mediated antigen presentation is critical for the clearance of attenuated RABV from the CNS.

Among analogues of the 9-mer CD8(+) T-cell viral epitope GP33, we observe that periodic α → β replacements suppress participation in the MHC I + peptide + T-cell receptor ternary complexes that activate cytotoxic T-lymphocytes, due in part to disruption of MHC binding.

Like HLA-B,57, Patr-B,06:03 correlates with reduced viral load, as assessed by detection of SIVcpz RNA in feces.

MTX and SSZ reduced the uveitis relapse rate in HLA-B27-positive AAU patients, with MTX showing a beneficial effect on AAU-related macular edema.

The prevalence of ZnT8A specific or cross-reactive with the ZnT8 tryptophan-325 polymorphic residue, but not those specific to arginine-325, was reduced in HLA-A,24-positive patients.

HLA-B27-positive first-degree relatives of AS cases are 5-16 times more likely to develop disease than HLA-B27-positive carriers in the general community.

To evaluate the HLA-B27 application developed on the BD FACSVia system utilizing the BD™ HLA-B27 kit, we conducted a concordance study at three centers to compare with the BD FACSCalibur™ system.

Not all abacavir-related side effects occur as a result of classic HLA-B,57:01-mediated hypersensitivity reaction, as they can develop irrespective of HLA-B,57:01 status.

Based on the characterization of HLA-C full-length, it is essential to develop HLA-C SBT kit suitable for Chinese population in the future.

Patients carrying the HLA-A11, HLA-A32, or HLA-DR11 allele developed active infection more frequently, whereas none of the patients with the HLA-B16 or HLA-B55 allele was actively infected.

Adult HLA-B27 transgenic rats carrying high copy numbers of human HLA-B27 and beta 2-microglobulin genes spontaneously develop spondyloarthropathy and enterocolitis comparable to human HLA-B27-associated disease.

Both HLA-B27-transgenic Lewis rats and HLA-B27-transgenic Fischer rats developed gut inflammation, while DA rats were resistant to the effects of HLA-B27, and HLA-B7-transgenic rats were not affected.

Epitopes were confirmed using immunization studies in HLA-A2 transgenic mice, in which the AR LBD is an autologous antigen with an identical protein sequence, which showed that mice immunized with AR811 developed peptide-specific CTL that lyse HLA-A2+ prostate cancer cells.

In summary, our results define HLA-B7-restriced, MGBA-derived, CD8(+) CTL epitopes with all of the necessary features for developing novel vaccine strategies against HLA-B7 expressing breast cancer patients.

To this end, we used our PeptiCRAd technology that consists of an oncolytic adenovirus coated with MHC-I-restricted tumor-specific peptides and developed it further by introducing pathogen-specific MHC-II-restricted peptides.

MICA antibodies were detected by CDC test on recombinant cell lines and by the newly developed Luminex MICA antibody detection assay.

In all, 17 patients (7.5 %) had MICA antibodies, and 13 patients (6 %) developed MICA donor-specific antibodies (DSA).

Independent of HLA, only MICA,016 influences the risk of developing psoriasis without arthritis, and homozygosity for MICA,00801 increases the risk of developing PsA in patients with psoriasis.

Anti-MICA antibodies were observed in eight granulocyte recipients of which three patients developed anti-MICA antibodies after GT, whereas preformed antibodies were seen in five patients.

Aging HLA-A29 transgenic mice spontaneously developed retinopathy, showing a striking resemblance to the HLA-A29-associated chorioretinopathy.

A molecular analysis of the MHC in 112 CML patients showed that those who developed the disease when aged less than 35 years (early-onset group) had higher homozygosity rates for the DOA1, HSP70 and C4 alleles of the DR53 group of ancestral haplotypes, for a subtype of HLA-A3, and a higher allele frequency of BfFb compared to the late-onset group.

DBA/2 (H-2d) HLA-B7 x human beta 2-microglobulin transgenic and DBA/2 nontransgenic mice stimulated by DBA/2 HLA-A3 x human beta 2-microglobulin transgenic mouse spleen cells developed potent H-2Kd restricted cytolytic responses with recognition of a peptide from the second domain of the HLA-A3 H chain.

Since the level of peptide-MHC complex significantly influences stimulation of T cells, a proof-of-concept potency assay was developed to directly examine the presentation and density of MHC class I peptides derived from the processing of a model tumor antigen, (hCGbeta), on the surface of DCs.

The absence of HLA-A2 antigen may explain why this patient did not develop HLA-A2 restricted, Melan A/MART-1 specificity immunization, since this HLA molecule is the restriction element for the tumor peptides used.

HLA-B27-transgenic rodents develop SpAs, implicating HLA-B27 in the etiology of these disorders.

Rodents that express HLA-B27 develop spondyloarthropathies, implicating HLA-B27 in the etiology of these disorders.

Furthermore, none of the rhesus MHC class I molecules bore a strong resemblance to HLA-B27, indicating that reactive arthritis can develop in this animal model in the absence of an HLA-B27-like molecule.

Since the major determinant of peptide-MHC-I affinity in patients is individual MHC-I genotype, we developed a residue-centric presentation score taking both mutated residues and MHC-I genotype into account and hypothesized that high scores (which correspond to poor presentation) would correlate to high mutation frequencies within tumors.

Up-regulation of MHC I within the developing brain has been reported, however, the mechanism(s) regulating this developmental up-regulation of neuronal MHC I remains unknown.

MHC II deficiency preserved stem cell characteristics in developing pro-B cells in vivo, and ectopic MHC II expression accelerated hematopoietic stem cell differentiation in vitro.

In patients and preclinical models, MHC-II+ tumors recruited CD4+ T cells and developed dependency on PD-1 as well as Lag-3 (an MHC-II inhibitory receptor), which was upregulated in MHC-II+ tumors at acquired resistance to anti-PD-1.

In searching for a new generation of immunomodulatory compounds based on the interaction of the T-cell surface glycoprotein CD4 with MHC class II antigens, a model assay has been developed in which MHC molecules have been substituted by a monoclonal antibody (anti-Leu3a) to the CD4 amino-terminal domain-specific epitope, Leu3a.

Motivated by the ability of a simple threading approach to predict MHC I--peptide binding, we developed a new and improved structure-based model for which parameters can be estimated from additional sources of data about MHC-peptide binding.

To study the selection pressure of selective MHC downregulation on iNKRs, we have developed an agent-based model simulating an evolutionary scenario of hosts infected with herpes-like viruses, which are able to selectively downregulate the expression of MHC-I molecules on the cell surface.

HLA-B,18 interacted significantly with HLA-DQ2/DQ8 and HLA-A,24 in the presence of IA-2 and/or ZnT8 autoantibodies (p ≤ 0.009).

Our findings suggest that gene-gene interactions between HLA-B,51 and ERAP1 variants is important for BD development, however, ERAP1 variants which interact with HLA-B,51 may differ among disease phenotypes or populations.

It is generally accepted that as the result of positive thymic selection, CD8-expressing T cells recognize peptide antigens presented in the context of MHC class I molecules and CD4-expressing T cells interact with peptide antigens presented by MHC class II molecules.

Surprisingly, HLA-B27 transgenic animal models implicated CD4+ T cells, which conventionally interact with MHC class II molecules, not MHC class I molecules, in the pathogenesis of SpA.

We investigated whether CD4+ T cells from AS patients can interact with HLA-B27, discovering that indeed CD4+ T cells can interact with various forms of HLA-B27.

The structural characteristics of the engagement of major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class II-restricted self antigens by autoreactive T cell antigen receptors (TCRs) is established, but how autoimmune TCRs interact with complexes of self peptide and MHC class I has been unclear.

CHOP was indirectly bound to the MICA/B promoter region by interacting with AP-1, leading to MICA/B transcription.

However, unlike MICA, MICB interacts with the CMV-encoded UL16, which sequestrates MICB intracellularly, leading to immune evasion.

In the present study we have asked whether TCRs that recognize four other peptides presented by HLA-A2 interact with the MHC in identical, similar, or different patterns as the A6 TCR.

Single TAP polypeptide subunits also formed MHC class I peptide-loading complexes, and their nucleotide-binding domains retained the ability to interact with ATP, and may permit the release of peptide-loaded MHC class I molecules in the absence of a peptide transport cycle.

To identify potential causative markers involved in the development of early-onset myasthenia gravis (EOMG) in the MHC and non-MHC regions that may interact with the HLA-B,08:01 allele.

Furthermore, co-immunoprecipitation studies revealed that HLA-AΔE3 could interact with full-length HLA-A, forming a heterodimeric complex.

Most HLA-A and-C alleles tested interacted efficiently with TAP, whereas a considerable number of HLA-B alleles associated very inefficiently or not at all with TAP.

Although human KIRs specific for HLA-C and HLA-B molecules have been characterized, none have been shown to interact with HLA-A.

Finally, molecular models were created to investigate the possible ways in which the anchor residues might function to stabilize the binding of peptides to HLA-B44, and these models indicate that the acidic residue at P2 most likely interacts primarily with Lys 45 of the HLA-B44 heavy chain and makes additional contacts with Ser 67 and Tyr 9.

Interestingly, some of those new genes, such as ERAP1, ERAP2, and NPEPPS, code for aminopeptidases that are involved in MHC class I presentation and were shown to interact with HLA-B27.

To elucidate the basis of the down-regulation in major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class I gene expression and to identify possible DNA-binding regulatory elements that have the potential to interact with class I MHC genes, we have studied the transcriptional regulation of class I HLA genes in human breast carcinoma cells.

To accomplish this physiologic function, the MHC class II-associated invariant chain interacts with the MHC II α/β subunits and promotes their correct assembly and efficient traffic.

More than 30 \240\years ago, the " peptidic self" hypothesis proposed that TCRs recognize MHC-presented peptides only, without interacting with MHC molecules, which turned out to be incorrect.

Several models of the CD4-class II MHC interaction are offered, including the possibility that one or two CD4 molecules initially interact with class II MHC dimers and further associate to create larger complexes important for facilitating T-cell receptor crosslinking.

The frequency of HLA-C,05 and HLA-C,15 was higher in infected group, whereas the frequency of HLA-C,04 and HLA-C,14 was higher in control group.

Subsequent biological assays indicated this variant created a binding site for miR-128-3p and upregulated MICA expression by serving as a miRNA sponge, which might recruit NK-cells to lyse infected cells, but release highly soluble MICA by shedding to induce NK-cells exhaustion and tumor immune evasion.

The effects of Nef on MHC-I have been shown to protect infected cells from cytotoxic T-lymphocyte recognition by downmodulation of a subset of MHC-I (HLA-A and-B).

Stimulation of peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC) from HLA-A2 human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1)-infected individuals with an HLA-A2-restricted HIV protease (PR) peptide 76-84 (LVGPTPVNI) activated cytotoxic T lymphocytes (CTL) against the IP-30 signal peptide.

It is widely held that HIV-1 Nef downmodulates HLA-A and-B to protect infected cells from CD8(+) T\240\cells but leaves HLA-C on the cell surface to inhibit NK cells.

Interestingly, in most HLA-B27-positive patients chronically infected with HCV, the escape mutations spared the HLA-B27-binding anchor.

In order to identify mycobacterial antigens bound to MHC, we have immunoprecipitated MHC class-I and class-II complexes from THP-1 macrophages infected with BCG, purified MHC class-I and MHC class-II peptides and analysed them by liquid chromatography tandem mass spectrometry.

As an important new message, this model predicts that T cell immunotherapy is most efficient if CD4 T cells are equipped with a transduced TCR directed against an epitope presented by MHC/HLA class-I for local delivery of \ cognate\ help to CD8 effector T cells at infected MHC/HLA class-II-negative host tissue cells.

We used an immunoproteomic approach in which Chlamydia trachomatis and Chlamydia muridarum-derived peptides presented by MHC class II molecules on the surface of infected dendritic cells (DCs) were identified by tandem mass spectrometry using bone marrow derived DCs (BMDCs) from mice of different MHC background.

Because MHC-E is up-regulated to evade NK cell activity in cells infected with HIV, simian immunodeficiency virus, and other persistent viruses, MHC-E-restricted CD8(+) T cell responses have the potential to exploit pathogen immune-evasion adaptations, a capability that might endow these unconventional responses with superior efficacy.

Classical MHC I molecules present antigenic peptide ligands on infected cells to CD8(+) T cells, whereas a key function for non-classical MHC I molecules is to mediate inhibitory or activating stimuli in natural killer (NK) cells.

Using a well-defined SIV gag-encoded CTL epitope restricted by Mamu A,01 major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class I, we have shown that peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC) from vaccinated and infected macaques can kill MHC class I-matched skin fibroblasts presenting the cognate epitope but that skin fibroblasts are a less sensitive target than B-LCL for the detection of CTL.

To explore the possibility that MHC class I polymorphism can influence disease progression, we infected four Mamu-DRB-identical individuals from a family of MHC-defined rhesus macaques intravenously with 40 TCID50SIVmac239.

The large diversity in MHC class I molecules in a population lowers the chance that a virus infects a host to which it is pre-adapted to escape the MHC binding of CTL epitopes.

Statistical analysis to compare carrier-rates and allele-frequencies between cases and controls (and healthy population, where necessary), was done for HLA-alleles occurring more than twice in either group.

Cryostat sections from retrobulbar tissues of 15 GO patients and 11 controls were analyzed with a battery of monoclonal antibodies against CD2, CD4, CD8, CD11a, CD19/22, CD25, CD54, CD57, CD68, C3b, HLA-A, B, C, and HLA-DR.

Statistically significant differences in allelic frequencies (differentiating alleles) were found between cases and controls at three polymorphic microsatellite loci within a 470-kb genomic susceptibility region ranging between 6 kb centromeric of the HLA-B gene and intron 5 of the DDR gene.

However, the data on HLA-C and HLA-DQB1 loci and the haplotype of HLA-A, HLA-B, HLA-C, HLA-DRB1 and HLA-DQB1 loci at a high-resolution level are limited in Zhejiang Han population, China.

The allergic reaction with eosinophilia to CPZ and VPA was suspected to have emerged following CBZ hypersensitivity, since previous treatment with CPZ and VPA prior to the introduction of CBZ had not been associated with adverse reactions earlier in the course of treatment.

It has been estimated that human immunodeficiency virus type 1 originated from the zoonotic transmission of simian immunodeficiency virus (SIV) of chimpanzees, SIVcpz, and that SIVcpz emerged by the recombination of two lineages of SIVs in Old World monkeys (SIVgsn/mon/mus in guenons and SIVrcm in red-capped mangabeys) and SIVcpz Nef is most closely related to SIVrcm Nef.

The HLA-B,15:02 and HLA-A,31:01 genotypes were detected using the polymerase chain reaction-sequence-specific oligonucleotide (PCR-SSO) probe method, and the correlation of HLA-B,15:02 and HLA-A,31:01 genes with the incidence of cADRs was analyzed.

It is suggested that the previous alleged serological subdivision of HLA-B41 was founded on the unwitting use of antisera detecting the HLA-Cw,17 products.

The increase in the level of HLA-ABC expression after IFN-alpha treatment is mostly accounted for by the increase in the expression of a subset of HLA molecules detected by the monoclonal antibody YT76 including HLA-B molecules.

Sub-types of HLA-B27 were detected by cytotoxic T lymphocytes (CTL) generated between HLA-A,-B- and-C-identical B27-positive individuals.

Locus-specific expression of HLA-A and-B could, however, be detected in approximately 54 % cases, whereas HLA-C was expressed in most of the cancer tissues.

To analyze the polymorphism and haplotypes of HLA-Cw and detect HLA-A, B, Cw and DRB1 allele frequencies in Guangdong Han population.

Within HLA-A, a deletion of three nucleotides was detected in several HLA-A alleles.

But among those with only one detected HLA-A specificity, 12 % discrepancies were found, and among donors with only one detected HLA-B specificity, 19 % errors were found.

Both HLA-B,4002 and B,4006 were commonly detected in the South Korean, Chinese Korean, Man, Northern Han and Japanese populations, while HLA-B,4002 was predominant in the Mongolian and Buryat populations.

Similarly HLA-Cw8 antibodies were detected in HLA-B14 antisera, which reacted on all HLA-Cw5-positive donor cells.

HLA-B,57:01 was detected in SAM and SAI populations at frequencies of 8.0 % and 12.0 %, respectively, while HLA-B,35:05 was not found in SAI individuals, but was present in 6.0 % of SAM individuals.

HLA-C,04 was detected in 22.0 % and 24.0 % of SAM and SAI individuals, respectively, while 10.0 % and 8.0 % of SAM and SAI individuals, respectively, were HLA-C,08 positive.

Interestingly, these highly shared HLA-A,02-restricted CMV-specific TCRs were detected in a CMV-seronegative individual as well as in HLA-A,02-negative donors albeit at lower frequency.

A cytotoxic T-cell induction assay using 5 cancer patient-derived PBMCs revealed that the mutant ARMT1 peptide sequence (FYGKTILWF) with HLA-A,2402 restriction was an efficient neoantigen, which was detected at a frequency of approximately 0.04 % in the HLA-A24 tetramer stain.

The HLA-A variability detected in a highly admixed population sample from Brazil shows that the HLA-A regulatory segments present few, but divergent sequences.

In contrast, genotyping by the HLA-B,57:01 Real-TM kit showed poor agreement with the other systems, that is, 12 out of 33 positive samples were detected as HLA-B,57:01 negative.

Vesicles containing HLA-B proteins were detected in transfected HeLa cells and in cells from SpA patients or HLA-B27/human β2-microglobulin (hβ2 m)-transgenic rats, by microscopy.

To refine HLA-B,27 testing we aimed at establishing a real-time PCR protocol to detect the HLA-B,27 allele directly in blood samples, without DNA extraction.

The presence of statistical interaction between CSTA TCC haplotype and HLA-Cw6 at PSORS1 locus was detected by performing TDT analysis on CSTA haplotypes stratified by the presence or absence of the risk allele at HLA-Cw6 locus.

In contrast, both open conformers and beta(2) m-associated HLA-C could be detected on other cells from the decidua, HLA-C-transfectants and cell lines.

HLA-Cw were detected with PCR-SSP, the clinical data of 21 cases of haploidentical hematopoietic stem cell transplantation, including 8 standard risk and 13 high risk cases from July 2002 to March 2006 were summarized, and the effect of HLA-Cw in HHSCT was analyzed.

Using HLA-A,0201- and HLA-DR,4-transgenic mouse models, we found that DKK1-specific CD4+ and CD8+ T cell responses detected by DKK1 short peptide (P20 and P66v)-HLA-A,0201 tetramer staining and cytotoxic assay for CD8+ T cells or by CSFE dilution and IFN-a.

The finding that interactions with MHC molecules downregulate the function of these CD4(+) T cells suggests that these non-MHC-restricted T cells may function to detect and eliminate cells with aberrant MHC expression.

Using BCR/ABL peptide/MHC tetramers, significantly higher frequencies of tetramer positive cells were detected in the peripheral blood of HLA-A,0301 (mean 0.38 %) and HLA-B,0801 (mean 0.28 %) CML patients than in healthy donors (P = 0.0025 and 0.0026, respectively).

Gag169-177-specific CD8+T cells were frequently detected in both HLA-A,2601+ and-A,2603+ individuals with chronic HIV-1 infection, whereas Env63-72-specific ones were frequently detected only in the HLA-A,2603+ individuals.

Distinct subsets of CD8+ T cells specific for each HLA-A,0201/peptide combination were detected within four in vitro-stimulated T cell populations specific for foreign HLA-A,0201.

Nevertheless, T cells recognised by HLA-A,0201 tetramers carrying a peptide from the signal sequence (LLLLTVLTV) could be detected in the peripheral blood of some HLA-A,0201(+) breast cancer patients but not in healthy adults.

To determine whether the predicted peptides have immunogenicity, a IgHV1 family nonapeptide QLVQSGAEV was synthesized as a representation and T2 binding assay of this peptide was performed, inducing proliferation of T cells from normal HLA-A, 201 peripheral blood lymphocytes (PBLs) with QLVQSGAEV-loaded antigen presenting cells, and detecting the proliferating T cells by HLA-A, 201/QLVQSGAEV tetramers.

Soluble MHC class I molecules loaded with antigenic peptides are available either to detect and to enumerate or, alternatively, to sort and expand MHC class I-restricted and peptide-reactive T cells.

The response of HLA-A2(-) recovered individuals against peptide pools I and III was detected similar and even higher than HLA-A2(+) recovered individuals.

WT1-specific CD8(+) CTLs of 14 patients with HLA-A,0201 were detected by HLA-A,0201/WT1 pentamer.

WT1 expressions in 14 HLA-A,0201+ patients and their matched donors were detected by RT-PCR, and circulating WT1 specific T cells were assayed by HLA-A,0201/WT1 pentamer combined with intracellular IFNgamma+ staining.

Oral immunizations of HLA-A,0201 transgenic mice with recombinant SL3261 strains encoding NY-ESO-1 p157-165 or p157-167 induced NY-ESO-1 p157-165-specific CD8(+) T cells detected by an HLA-A,0201 pentamer, and induced a T-cell response detected by an enzyme-linked immunospot assay.

Among 653 healthy volunteers, blood donors, and women on delivery, high-titered HLA-A,0201/IMP(58-66) complex-specific IgG Abs were detected in 11 females with a history of pregnancies and in 1 male, all HLA-A,0201(-).

HLA-A,0201/IMP(58-66) Abs were also detected in the cord blood of newborns, indicating that HLA-A,0201/IMP(58-66) Abs are produced in HLA-A,0201(-) mothers and enter the fetal blood system.

MICA-specific antibodies against 10 of the 11 MICA antigens were detected in 26 MICA antibody-positive patients, and 26.92 % of the MICA antibody-positive patients had antibodies with single-specificity and 73.08 % had polyspecific antibodies.

Interestingly, the MICA(-) ULBP(+) phenotype was detected in most T cell leukemia cell lines, whereas the MICA(-) ULBP(-) phenotype characterized all acute myeloid leukemia and most B-cell lymphoma cell lines analyzed.

Very strong linkage disequilibria with HLA-B and TNFa were detected in the Italian population for both MICA and MICB microsatellite alleles, in spite of the high mutability rate of the larger MICB alleles.

Establishment of detection technique for MICA, including solid-phase, immunofluorescence, flow-crossmatch, make it possible to detect the types of MICA antibodies.

A new mouse monoclonal antibody (MoAb) 4E, which detects an epitope shared by HLA-B locus antigens, together with the MoAb W6/32 detecting a common HLA, B, C, determinant, and the MoAb4B, detecting HLA-A2 and A28, were used to isolate HLA-A and-B antigens in sequential immunoprecipitation.

A new mouse monoclonal antibody (MoAb) 4E, which detects an epitope shared by HLA-B locus antigens, together with the MoAb W6/32, detecting a common HLA, B, C, determinant, and the MoAb4B detecting HLA-A2 and A28, were used to isolate HLA-A and-B antigens in sequential immunoprecipitation.

One monoclonal antibody, designated 6 B11, reacted only with HLA-A1+ cells, while the two other antibodies, 3 G3 and 7 F10, appeared to detect antigenic determinants shared by HLA-A1, A3, A11, A26, and A30 (3 G3) and by HLA-A1, A3, A11, A26, A28 and A30 (7 F10).

The binding affinity of the candidate epitopes for HLA-A,0201 was detected using MHC-peptide complex stabilization assay.

In order to assess the variability and frequency of POALIN distribution within two common HLA-B haplotypes, we detected the presence of the MHC class I POALIN by PCR in a panel of 15 individuals with HLA-B57 and 47 homozygous individuals with 7.1 AH (HLA-B7,-Cw7,-A3) obtained from the Australian Bone Marrow Donor Registry, and also from four families (25 individuals) containing the HLA-B57 allele.

Comparative genomic analysis of the beta2 microglobulin (beta2m) gene and 15 individual HLA-A haplotypes using a polymerase chain reaction (PCR)-based method demonstrated abnormal gene dosage in the minority of cases: homozygous deletion of the beta2m locus was detected in one case and HLA-A allele in two cases (HLA-A1 and HLA-A2, respectively), representing approximately 8 % of the population studied.

When heterogeneities were partitioned into different organization groups of the MHC, the strongest positive relationships were detected for alleles of the HLA-A and HLA-B loci, but there were also differences between MHC supertypes that constitute functionally distinct nucleotide sequences.

HLA-B,5105 was the only further HLA-B,51x subtype detected in one Turkish patient heterozygous also for HLA-B,5101.

The definition of four rhesus MHC class I-specific motifs expands our ability to accurately detect and quantitate immune responses to MHC class I-restricted epitopes in rhesus macaques and to rationally design peptide epitope-based model vaccine constructs destined for use in nonhuman primates.

The dependency of HLA-B7 cell surface expression on peptide-binding groove residues, the stability of cell surface class I molecules, and the ability to detect HLA-B7-bound peptide indicate that the low level expression on T2 cells is largely peptide dependent.

Moreover, the expression of class I MHC mRNA in these cells correlated well with the level of chloramphenicol acetyltransferase (CAT) activity detected after the introduction of exogenous HLA-CAT DNA-constructs.

Class I (classical) MHC proteins on the surface of B cell transfectants detected by primary and secondary antibodies underwent endocytosis at a moderate rate, whereas HLA-G, chimeric proteins consisting of the extracellular domains of HLA-C with the C-terminal sequence of HLA-G, or glycophosphatidylinositol-tailed HLA-C proteins, were not efficiently internalized.

On the transcriptional level HLA-A,-B,-C,-E, and-G could be detected on individual trophoblast populations, whereas only HLA-C and HLA-G seem to be translated to protein.

Additionally, in these mice normal MHC-II expression was detected on peripheral macrophages, whereas IFN-γOFF mice did not show MHC-II expression on such cells.

Both APEC strains were mainly detected in CSF1R-transgeneneg (CSF1R-tgneg) and CSF1R-tglow MHC IIneg MRC1L-Bneg cells and low numbers of APEC were detected in CSF1R-tghigh MHC IIpos MRC1L-Bpos cells.

Thus, studies linking MHC variation with immunocompetence in wild populations are underpowered to detect MHC effects, which are likely to be of generally small magnitude.

In addition, a potential isomer of MHC-1 (compound X) was detected in all samples from Heligoland at ~2% of the MHC-1 level.

Affinity purification using the antibody specific to HLA-A24 followed by LC-MS/MS sequencing was used to detect peptides, which harbored the known characteristics of HLA-A24 peptides in terms of length and anchor motifs.

The majority of CBFbeta-SMMHC and CBFbeta-SMMHC(149C) was detected in the nucleus, whereas the DeltaACD and 83 C variants were predominantly cytoplasmic, indicating that multimerization facilitates nuclear retention of CBFbeta-SMMHC.

MHC class I molecules were detected mainly in perifascicular fibres in DM while in PM the stronger expression was demonstrated in non-necrotic partially invaded cells, suggesting for the latter a MHC-restricted T-cell cytotoxicity.

We demonstrated that HHRz and tRNARz3 could effectively cleave the target Sry mRNA in vitro.

60 %) was confirmed for pCAG/HHRz and pPUR/tRNARz3 upon the transiently expressed exogenously introduced Sry in M15 cultured cells.

SIP-1/NHERF2, a PDZ protein interacts with the C-terminal extremity of the human SRY protein.

After a long period dominated by the question what the sex chromosome constitution of this species might be and where the testis determining factor could be located, the presence of Sry had been eventually excluded and sex determination attributed to a hypothetical mutated gene acting downstream of Sry.

This finding, together with published data on TDF-related renal phosphate losses, this finding raises concerns that TDF use could result in osteomalacia with a loss in bone mineral density at least in a subset of patients.

We find that two sex-determining region genes, Sry and Zfy, are transcribed during mouse preimplantation development, while the Zfy homologs Zfx and Zfa and a sex-determining region gene originally called A1s9 (now called Ube1y-1) are not.

We show that the SRY-box containing gene 6 (Sox6) gene, important for neuronal differentiation, is a direct target gene of Stat3.

Here, we identified the transcription factor SRY-related HMG-box (Sox) 100 B, which is orthologous to mammalian Sox8/9/10, as a common target and central mediator of the EGFR/Ras and JAK/STAT signaling pathways that coordinates intestinal stem cell (ISC) proliferation and differentiation during both normal epithelial homeostasis and stress-induced intestinal repair in Drosophila.

Knockin mice expressing CBF beta-SMMHC with a HABD deletion developed leukemia quickly, even though hematopoietic defects associated with Runx1-inhibition were partially rescued.

Furthermore, the direct interaction of ZoCDPK1 and ZoIMPα proteins was studied by the yeast 2-hybrid (Y2H) system, which confirmed that junction domain (JD) is an important interaction module required for ZoCDPK1 and ZoIMPα binding.

It was shown that the Chriz protein region from aa 273 to 503 is required for the interaction with the Z4 protein.

CRC distribution in the DZ does require CXCR4 signaling, which is necessary for GC B cells to access the DZ and likely to interact with CRC processes.

Down-regulation of symplekin or ZONAB/Dbpa induced de novo expression of the transcription factor AML1/Runx1, thereby increasing the expression of KLF4 and promoting goblet cell differentiation.

Furthermore, targeting of RUNX1 by GATA-1 for phosphorylation may convert RUNX1 from a repressor to an activator.

We propose a model whereby the inv(16) fusion protein associates with AML1 to convert AML1 into a constitutive transcriptional repressor.

Fusion of the Helix-Loop-Helix (HLH) (also called the pointed) domain of TEL to AML1 has been suggested to convert AML1 from a transcriptional activator to a repressor.

Moreover, Runx1 acts as a tumor promoter in mouse skin squamous tumor formation and maintenance, likely by repressing p21 and promoting Stat3 activation.

Using the CD41/integrin alpha 2 b gene as a model, cellular and in vivo studies showed that CD41 is controlled by both Scl/Tal1 and Runx1 in fully specified blood cells, and initiation of CD41 expression in E7.

TCR-stimulated peripheral blood KIR3DL2(+) CD4 T cell lines from SpA patients secreted 4-fold more IL-17 than KIR3DL2(+) lines from controls or KIR3DL2(-) CD4 T cells.

We found that EGR2 inhibition significantly reduced IFNγ production in PMA and ionomycin activated MRL-lpr lupus CD4+ T cells, but not control MRL CD4+ T cells.

Mononuclear cells from 25 patients with CVID and age and gender-matched controls were stained with various monoclonal antibodies (anti-CD4 APC, anti-CXCR5 FITC, anti-CCR6 PerCP, and anti-CXCR3 PE) and isotype controls and analyzed for TFH 1 (CD4+ CXCR5+ CXCR3+ CCR6-), TFH 2 (CD4+ CXCR5+ CXCR3- CCR6-), and TFH 17 (CD4+ CXCR5+ CXCR3- CCR6+) cells by multicolor flow cytometry.

To test whether defective IL-7 signaling could be an etiologic or contributing factor in ICL, peripheral blood mononuclear cells from patients with ICL (median CD4 T-cell count, 160 cells/μL) and healthy controls (median CD4 T-cell count, 582 cells/μL) were evaluated for expression of IL-7Rα chain (CD127) and intracellular phosphorylated STAT-5 (a marker of γc cytokine signaling) after cytokine stimulation.

Levels of immune activation in the memory cell population, CD45RO+ HLA-DR+, returned to levels seen in the uninfected control participants in the peripheral blood, but were elevated in the GI tract of patients with persistent CD4+ T cell depletion despite therapy.

Furthermore, patients with B cell NHL and patients with solid tumors had far lower percentages of naïve CD45RA+CCR7+ T cells than healthy controls and, in the case of CD4+ T cells, patients with solid tumors.

Mitogen-stimulated ES CD4 cells were as susceptible to HIV infection as those from control subjects, but p24-specific IFN-gamma+ CD4 cells of six out of seven ES subjects tested were less susceptible to R5 HIV-1 infection than the counterpart fraction depleted of p24-specific IFN-gamma+ cells.

R5-tropic SIV(mac251) infection of macaques resulted in a slower and more variable decline in CD4(+) NKT cells, with animals that were able to control SIV virus levels maintaining higher levels of CD4(+) NKT cells.

We found significantly lower CD4+ T cell counts among TB infected HIV negative patients compared with controls who showed that TB was the cause of non-HIV-associated declination of circulating CD4 counts, and the reduction was reversible with anti-tubercular treatment in both HIV-negative and ART naïve TB-HIV co-infected patients.

This novel " heterotrimer" (p-IL-4Ralpha, CD40/JAK3) is functional and controls STAT3 phosphorylation and CD40 expression, as shown by use of the specific JAK3 inhibitor WHI-P31.

Adult CD46+ mice control viral spread and survive the infection in an interferon gamma (IFNγ)-dependent manner, whereas neonatal CD46+ mice succumb despite similar IFNγ expression in the brain.

STAT5 and STAT3 are known to compete for promoter binding sites in CD4 T cells and the two transcription factors are believed to have opposite functions in the control of CD4 T cell differentiation.

We find that IL-27 signaling suppresses splenic CD4(+) T cell CCR5-dependent chemotactic responses during infection by restricting CCR5 expression on CD4(+) T cell subtypes, including Th1 cells, and also by controlling the overall composition of the CD4(+) T cell compartment.

Unexpectedly, given the unique environmental conditions within discrete nonlymphoid and lymphoid organs, we show that IL-10 production by CD4(+) YFP(+) T cells is controlled systemically during malaria infection through IL-27 receptor signaling that is supported after CD4(+) T cell priming by ICOS signaling.

Thus, our study demonstrated that lncRNA PVT1, which was upregulated in the CD4+T cells of SS patients, could maintain the expression of Myc, thus controlling the proliferation and effector functions of CD4+ T cells through regulating the reprogramming of glycolysis.

ELISA analysis was used to measure IFN-γ levels after 72 \240\h co-culture of CD4+CD25+ T cells from tumor-bearing mice on control or SM16 diet with CD4+CD25- T cells from naive donors.

In summary, these results indicate that endogenous CD83 expression in CD4+ conventional T cells plays a crucial role in controlling CD4+ T cell responses, at least in part, by regulating the activity of CD11c+ DCs.

CD4 T cell depletion resulted in improved behavioral outcomes, despite the lack of differences in infarct size between the isotype control and anti-CD4 antibody treated stroke groups.

During T cell receptor-induced activation of CD4+ T cells, both the quality and quantity of specific activatory peptide/MHC ligands have been shown to control the polarization of naive CD4+ T cells in addition to co-stimulatory and cytokine-based signals.

In this review, we consider data from recent in vivo studies analyzing the role of TCR signal strength in controlling the outcome of CD4+ T cell differentiation and discuss the role of TCR in controlling the critical nature of CD4+ T cell interactions with dendritic cells during activation.

C57BL/6 mice lacking CD98hc in their CD4+ T cells could not control Leishmania major infections due to lowered IFN-γ production, even with massive CD4+ T cell proliferation.

Two sets of cocktails of dextramer reagents were used, where dextramers(+) cells were analyzed by laser scanning confocal microscope (LSCM) : EAE, IA(s)/PLP 139-151 dextramers (specific)/anti-CD4 and IA(s)/Theiler\s murine encephalomyelitis virus (TMEV) 70-86 dextramers (control)/anti-CD4.

and EAM, IA(k)/Myhc 334-352 dextramers/anti-CD4 and IA(k)/bovine ribonuclease (RNase) 43-56 dextramers (control)/anti-CD4.

IMPORTANCE Increasing evidence suggests that virus-specific CD4+ T cells contribute to the immune-mediated control of clade B HIV-1 infection, yet there remains a relative paucity of data regarding the role of HIV-specific CD4+ T cells in shaping adaptive immune responses in individuals infected with clade C, which is responsible for the majority of HIV infections worldwide.

CD4 T\240\cells have been implicated in control of HHV-6B, but antigenic targets and functional characteristics of the CD4 T-cell response are poorly understood.

Grafts were not rejected in T and B cell deficient Rag2-/- recipients that were reconstituted with TCR75 CD4 T cells or in control (non-reconstituted) Tcrbd-/- recipients, suggesting that the transferred TCR75 CD4 T cells were mediating graft rejection principally by providing help for effector alloantibody responses.

The transcriptional profiles of CD4+ T cells of healthy controls (HCs) and patients affected by acute hepatitis B (AVH-B) or chronic hepatitis B (CHB) infection were established using a custom expression array consisting of 350 genes relevant for CD4+ T cell and Treg function.

Central memory CD4 T cells from patients and controls showed comparable expression of differentiation-related genes, ruling out an effector-like differentiation of central memory CD4 T cells in HIV infection.

Broad, polyfunctional, and cytotoxic CD4+T-cell responses have been associated with control of simian immunodeficiency virus/HIV-1 replication, supporting the inclusion of CD4+ T-cell epitopes in vaccine formulations.

These results indicate that in T cells, oxidants inhibit protein kinase C-mediated CD4 down-regulation due to perturbing a signaling process other than the above two steps, implying that oxidative stress may tune the functions of CD4+ T cells and their susceptibility to HIV-1 through the control of CD4 expression.

Blocking CD40-TRAF23 signalling may control CD40-CD154-dependent inflammatory disorders.

To deconvolute hematopoietic ontogeny, we designed an embryo-rescue system in which the key hematopoietic factor Runx1 is reactivated in Runx1-null conceptuses at specific developmental stages.

Serological titration studies, with 59 lymphocytotoxic pregnancy antisera, containing an HLA-B41 component and stimulated by up to five different HLA-B specificities, were unable to differentiate the two groups of B,41 subjects.

In the presence of antigen-presenting cells (APC), exosomes directly loaded with the HLA-A2 restricted MART1 tumor peptide stimulated an HLA-A2/MART1 specific T-cell line.

Of the 5 candidates, two peptides 159-167 aa and 165-174 aa, with highly binding activity to HLA-A,0201 molecules, could stimulate PBMCs from most HLA-A,0201 positive PBC patients to proliferate and peptide-induced CTL lines showed specific cytotoxicity.

Tumor cells were transfected with HLA-A1 or HLA-A2 and used to stimulate partly matched HLA-A1- or HLA-A2-positive CD8+ T cells.

HLA-B27- responder cells were stimulated in vitro with HLA-B27.

Collectively, our data demonstrate that an enhanced ST-4-TCR interaction can compensate for lack of MHC II and stimulate MHC II-free CD4+ T-cell proliferation via PKCθ/NF-κB and IL-2R/STAT5 signaling pathways.

Unfractionated PBMNCs from three HLA-A,0201-CMV-seropositive donors were stimulated with CMVpp65(495-503) peptide-loaded HLA-A,0201-immunoglobulin fusion protein (HLA-A2-Ig) based artificial antigen-presenting cells (aAPCs) on Day 1.

Furthermore, when HLA-A2-restricted peptides from the hMena sequence were used to stimulate CD8+ T cells, an hMena-specific response was found in 9 out of 12 HLA-A2+ breast cancer patients.

T cell lines of HLA-A2 non-matched donors stimulated with the Jeg3 transfectants showed significant expansion only when HLA-A2 and the costimulus CD80 were present.

CD8 T cells from HLA-A2 healthy donors (n=4) or RCC patients (n=2) were stimulated in vitro with the HLA-A2-binding nonamer peptides 5 T417-25 or 5 T497-105 and screened by flow cytometry with specific tetramers (TET).

TAP2-deficient ML-DC expressing exogenously introduced HLA-A2 genes stimulated HLA-A2-restricted MART-1-specific CD8(+) T cells obtained from HLA-A2-positive allogeneic donors, resulting in generation of MART-1-specific cytotoxic T lymphocyte (CTL) lines.

ii) it was generated by the MHC class I processing pathway in DC transfected with GPC-3 mRNA, and iii) HLA-A2 positive DC loaded with the peptide stimulated proliferation in autologous T cells and generated CTL that lysed HLA-A2 and GPC-3 positive target cells.

The antigenicity of nine peptides which could refold with HLA-A,0201 molecules was assessed with an IFN-gamma ELISPOT assay to determine the capacity to stimulate CTLs from PBMCs of HLA-A2(+) SARS-recovered donors.

P15 could significantly enhance the expression of HLA-A,0201 molecules on the T2 cell surface stimulate IFN-gamma-producing CTLs from the PBMCs of former SARS patients, and induce specific CTLs from P15-immunized HLA-A2.

Therefore, MICA may play an important role in immune responses against epithelial tumours and function as a stimulating factor for the growth of Vdelta1 gammadelta T cells, whereas MICA-reactive Vdelta1 gammadelta T cells might serve as a new candidate for adoptive cellular therapy of tumours.

HLA-A,0201 restriction was confirmed by demonstrating that effectors from the three responders could be stimulated with six different peptides to lyse HLA-A,0201+ T2 cells incubated with the homologous peptides.

E5 and E7 peptides (but not the whole proteins) stimulated E5- and E7-specific CTL recall responses in HPV-16- and HLA-A2-positive cervical cancer patients, and HPV-16 E5 and E7 proteins stimulated naïve T cells in HPV-16-negative cervical cancer patients with HLA-A11 and-A24 haplotypes.

We demonstrated that stable HLA-A11/peptide complexes efficiently stimulate IVT-specific CTL responses, while HLA-A11/peptide complexes with short lifespan do not.

PBL from HLA-A2- or HLA-A3- donors were stimulated with synthetic peptide libraries fitting HLA-A2 or HLA-A3 motifs and presented on HLA-A2- or HLA-A3-expressing TAP- cells.

In vitro, HLA-B2703-positive lymphocytes were not stimulated by HLA-B2705-positive cells.

The synthetic peptide based on the HLA-B27 homologous portion of the YadA does not stimulate lymphocytes obtained from HLA-B27+ patients with Yersinia-triggered reactive arthritis or from controls.

To this end, CD80+ CaSki cells (HLA-A,0201+) were used to stimulate peripheral blood T lymphocytes from HLA-A,0201+ healthy donors.

Limiting dilution analyses of peripheral blood mononuclear cells from HIV-1-infected individuals showed that the recombinant HLA-A2 peptide complexes covalently immobilized on microspheres stimulated the development of HLA-A2 peptide-specific CTL.

Peripheral blood lymphocytes (PBL) from two HIV-1-infected donors carrying HLA-B35 were stimulated once-weekly with each HLA-B,3501 binding peptide.

The ability to bind these two peptides suggests that gp120 has a peptide-binding site of broad specificity, which if functional in vivo, could compete with normal peptide loading of major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class I and/or class II peptides, as well as aberrantly stimulate the T-cell receptor (by virtue of its potential to be mistaken for an allogenic MHC/peptide complex), resulting in immune activation, anergy and apoptosis in susceptible hosts.

HLA-A, HLA-B, HLA-C, HLA-Bw4, Bw6 and HLA-DR antigens have been detected on purified seminal cells than spermatozoa (SCnonSz) using specific absorptions.

We investigated the use of formalin-free zinc-salt fixation (ZN) and optimized IHC protocols for detecting a panel of immune cell-related markers (CD3, CD4, CD8, Foxp3, B220, F4/80, CD68, and major histocompatibility complex [ MHC] class-I, MHC class-II, and Gr-1).

In spite of the large differences in the level of HTA 1 between the various mutants and the wild-type, the expression of HLA-ABC or its increase following interferon-alpha stimulation, remained unchanged.

Three patients who were HLA-A0201-positive showed significant increase in interferon-gamma-secreting cells and frequency of WT1 tetramer-positive CD8+ T cells.

Furthermore, in a CD24 CRC-bearing nude mice model, rG7S-MICA effectively recruits NK cell to the tumor site and increase the release of cytokines such as interferon-γ (IFN-γ) and tumor necrosis factor-α (TNF-α), and shows potential antitumor effects.

Interferon-treated melanoma cells showed an increased susceptibility to lysis mediated by monoclonal antibodies to HLA-AB antigens and to human beta 2-mu.

Of allografts from donors with KIR2DS1, those from donors who were homozygous or heterozygous for HLA-C1 antigens could mediate this antileukemic effect, whereas those from donors who were homozygous for HLA-C2 did not provide any advantage (24.9 % with homozygosity or heterozygosity for HLA-C1 vs.

These findings highlight a regulatory circuit between LINC01149 and MICA mediating by miR-128-3p, and the important role of upregulated MICA in conferring susceptibility to persistent HBV infection and HCC.

The observed adaptation of Vpu-mediated downregulation to host genotype indicates that HLA-C alleles differ in likelihood of mediating a CTL response that is subverted by viral downregulation, and that preservation of HLA-C expression is favored in the absence of these responses.

It was widely accepted that HIV-1 downregulates HLA-A/B to avoid CTL recognition while leaving HLA-C unaltered in order to prevent NK cell activation by engaging inhibitory NK cell receptors, but it was recently observed that most primary isolates of HIV-1 can mediate HLA-C downmodulation.

Further, we show that the mechanism by which HLA-B,52:01 mediates immune protection is, at least in part, related to the inability of HIV to evade the HLA-B,52:01-restricted p24 Gag-specific CD8+ T-cell response without incurring a significant loss to viral replicative capacity.

Peptides with high affinity for HLA-A,0201 were then assessed for their capacity to elicit specific immune responses mediated by cytotoxic T lymphocytes (CTLs) both in vivo, in HLA-A2.

These data indicate that the concurrence of HLA-B,5701 and Hsp70-Hom M493T alleles is necessary for the development of abacavir hypersensitivity, which is likely to be mediated by an HLA-B,5701-restricted immune response to abacavir.

If the disease association is a consequence of HLA-B27\s physiological function in antigen presentation, the disease should be mediated by cytotoxic T lymphocytes (CTLs) that recognise bacterial or self peptides presented by HLA-B27.

These studies demonstrate that HLA-B,27:02 mediates protection against HIV disease progression that is at least as strong as or stronger than that mediated by HLA-B,27:05.

These findings indicate that the immunodominant HLA-B,27:02-restricted Nef response adds to protection mediated by the Gag and Pol specificities that dominate anti-HIV CD8+ T-cell activity in HLA-B,27:05-positive subjects.

The regulation of MICA shedding by MMP14 is independent of the activity of a disintegrin and metalloproteinases, which have been reported to mediate MICA shedding.

As a counterapproach HIV vaccine strategy, we used epitope enhancement of a conserved HIV reverse transcriptase (RT) epitope for induction of antiviral protection in HLA-A2-transgenic mice mediated by human HLA-A2-restricted CTLs.

HLA-B27-related arthritis is probably mediated by an immune response against HLA-B27 complexed with peptides derived from proteins of arthritis-causing bacteria.

In this article, it is shown that the HLA-B core promoter is indeed repressed by wild-type p53, making p53 a candidate for mediating c-myc-induced HLA-B downregulation.

In this context, our results suggest the possibility that the effect of Bw4(+) HLA-B and KIR3DL1,004 in slowing progression to AIDS is mediated by interaction of Bw4(+) HLA-B with the small fraction of cell surface KIR3DL1,004.

Elimination of TGF-beta inhibition of class II MHC and CIITA expression in Smad3-deficient astrocytes, as well as restoration of the inhibitory effect by overexpression of the Smad3 protein, demonstrates that Smad3 is essential in mediating TGF-beta inhibition of CIITA and class II MHC expression.

Trametinib, an inhibitor of the extracellular signal-regulated kinase (ERK) kinase MEK, also increased MHC-I expression, whereas the phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase (PI3K) inhibitor buparlisib did not, suggesting that the MEK-ERK pathway mediates the down-regulation of MHC-I expression in response to EGFR activation.

The viral Tat protein represses transcription of the MHC-I, Vpu retains nascent MHC-I chains in the endoplasmic reticulum and Nef mediates selective internalization of MHC-I molecules from the plasma membrane.

HIV-1 Nef has been reported to disrupt MHC class II (MHCII)-mediated Ag presentation by a dual strategy that comprises a reduction in cell surface levels of peptide-loaded mature MHCII molecules and a up-regulation of immature MHCII molecules.

Our data suggest that Nef uses mechanisms involved in normal MHCII recycling and turnover to mediate the delivery of cell surface MHCII to a lysosomal destination.

In six (33.3 %) tumor specimens, an HLA class I allotype was missing (HLA-A2,-A28,-A29,-B18,-B35, and-B55), in two cases a haplotypic loss (HLA-A2,-B44 and HLA-A2,-B13) and in another case an allotype-specific loss combined with a haplotypic loss (HLA-A26,-A32,-B41) were observed.

Missing HLA-B and/or HLA-C ligand combined with missing HLA-A3/11 (KIR3DL2 unblocked) predicted for reduced relapse incidence regardless of diagnosis or conditioning type (P = 0.028).

Instead of proposing an approach for selecting a proper non-quadratic function and determining the dominant ICs, the DEMICA method combines all possible base MICA models developed with different non-quadratic functions and different sets of dominant ICs into an ensemble, and a double-layer Bayesian inference is formulated as a decision fusion method to form a unique monitoring index for online fault detection.

In this first study in a population with low HLA-B27 prevalence, IgG4 anti-CD74 antibodies combined with HLA-B27 showed higher diagnostic value than HLA-B27 alone for early axSpA.

Additionally, the AUC for HLA-C alone (rs10484554) was equivalent to the AUC for all nine other risk loci combined (66.2 % versus 63.8 %, p = 0.18), highlighting the dominance of HLA-C as a risk locus.

This study suggested that HLA-Cw6, overweight and higher waist-hip ratio are material risk factors of psoriasis vulgaris, specially the combined effects of HLA-Cw6 and BMI, WHR on psoriasis vulgaris in Chinese population.

Moreover, LCE3A showed significantly higher expression in patients bearing homozygous risk genotype in presence of HLA-Cw6 allele but not in those having non-risk genotype, demonstrating the combined effect of HLA-Cw6 allele and risk associated genotype near LCE3A gene.

We describe a novel statistical approach to detecting additive effects between class I alleles in control of HIV-1 disease, highlighting improved viremic control in subjects with HLA-A,7401 combined with HLA-B,57.

A hybrid mouse monoclonal IgGl having one low affinity combining site for HLA-A2 and one low affinity combining site for HLA-B7 was made by the chemical method of Nisonoff and Palmer (Science 143 : 376, 1964).

In the present study, we have derived polyclonal monospecific cell lines from circulating Melan-A-specific CTL precursors of HLA-A,0201+ melanoma patients by combining stimulation with recently identified peptide analogues of the immunodominant epitope from the melanoma-associated antigen Melan-A with staining with fluorescent HLA-A,0201/Melan-A peptide tetramers.

Conserved HLA-A locus-specific primers of intron 1 or 3 were combined in 10 primer-mixes with group-specific primers hybridizing to the 5 \-or 3 \-end of exon 3 or 2 for pre-typing of the HLA-A alleles in 14 allelic groups.

We used classical Sanger sequencing techniques to type the HLA-A, HLA-B, HLA-C, HLA-DRB1 and HLA-DQB1 genes in the available 1000 Genomes samples and combined the results with the 103, 310 variants in the MHC region genotyped by the 1000 Genomes Project.

Finally, we defined class I and class II transcripts that are associated with 100 extended MHC haplotypes in this breeding colony by combining our genotyping analyses with short tandem repeat (STR) patterns across the MHC region.

We recently generated the NetH2pan prediction tool for murine class I MHC ligands by building an FVB/NJ H-2q ligand database and combining it with public information from six other murine MHC alleles.

Immunohistochemistry for PD-L1 and MHC class I combined A, B, and C heavy chains (MHC class I) was assessed in 58 human papillomavirus-associated cervical and vulvar lesions, including 27 squamous intraepithelial lesions (SILs) and 31 invasive squamous cell carcinoma (SCC).

That is, women with combined PPARGC1A A/A and NRF1 A/A genotypes presented the highest proportion of MHC-I and the lowest proportion of MHC-IIx, in contrast to women with combined PPARGC1A GG+GA and NRF1 AG+GG genotypes, who presented the lowest proportion of MHC-I and the highest proportion of MHC-IIx.

Here, we developed an integrated predictor of MHC class I presentation that combines new models for MHC class I binding and antigen processing.

These data suggest that MHC II-restricted TCRs against NY-ESO-1 from a nontolerant nonhuman host are of optimal affinity and that the combined use of MHC I- and II-restricted TCRs against NY-ESO-1 can make adoptive T cell therapy more effective.

HLA-B,57:01 screening combined with patch testing, had clinically predictive value and cost-effective impact in reducing the incidence of abacavir-induced HSR regardless of the HLA-B,57:01 prevalence in the population.

We have studied the putative roles of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)-associated and cell surface-expressed major histocompatibility complex class I (MHC-I) molecules in the course of the HIV life cycle by the combined use of MHC-I molecule-positive and MHC-I molecule-negative virus particles and MHC-I molecule-positive and MHC-I molecule-negative CD4+ human cells.

We noted that the ectopic expression of CDX1 enhanced COX-2 gene expression and that bile acid was associated with the induction of CDX1 expression.

CDX1 overexpression increased expression of the intestinal markers Villin, sucrose isomaltase (SI), and MUC2, induced spheroid formation, and enhanced expression of the stem cell markers CD44, SOX2, Oct4, and Nanog, while CDX1 knockdown inhibited proliferation and intestinal stemness.

pylori-induced CDX1 expression may enhance gastric cancer tumorigenesis and progression, and support therapeutic targeting of CDX1 in gastric cancer.

The resistance of CD44(+) CD24(+) Cdx1(+) cells to paclitaxel is associated with upregulation of Cdx1 and Bcl-2 expression, caspase-3 activity, and the ratio of LC3-II/LC3-I.

Cdx1b can bind to the Cdx1-binding motif located in intron 1 of the foxa2 gene based on an electrophoretic mobility shift assay.

EMSA showed that both Cdx1 and Cdx2 could bind to the cis element, but in cotransfection experiments, Cdx2 inhibited the Cdx1 effects by approximately 50 %.

In the present study, we present evidence suggesting that chicken ovalbumin upstream promoter-transcription factor (COUP-TF) members antagonize RA-induced Cdx1 expression by competing with retinoid X receptor-retinoic acid receptor heterodimers for binding to the Cdx1 RA response element.

Demonstration of Cdx1 binding to the PAP I promoter region and suppression of PAP I induction after deletion of the corresponding sequence indicated that Cdx1 is a transcription factor controlling PAP I gene expression in intestinal cells.

Using gel shift mobility assay, mutagenesis and competition experiments, we show that both CDX1 and CDX2 can bind the minimal promoter, but only CDX1 can transactivate it.

In conclusion, transgenic Cdx2 induced endogenous Cdx1 through the binding of Cdx2 to the unmethylated Cdx1 promoter region in the intestinal metaplasia of the Cdx2-transgenic mouse stomach.

We analyzed DNA methylation and histones modifications associated with CDX2 and CDX1 promoters in two human colon cancer cell lines expressing differentially these genes, Caco2/TC7 [ CDX2 positive-CDX1 negative] and HT29 [ CDX2 negative-CDX1 negative] cells.

The CDX1 homeobox gene encodes a transcription factor specifically expressed in normal intestinal and colonic epithelia, and CDX1 gene expression is affected during colorectal tumour progression.

To clarify the differences in the roles of Cdx1 and Cdx2 in intestinal metaplasia, we generated transgenic mice expressing Cdx1 in the gastric mucosa and compared Cdx1 induced gastric mucosal morphological changes with Cdx2 induced intestinal metaplasia.

We used stable transfection of inducible constructs and transient expression with a replication-deficient adenovirus to induce Cdx1 expression in rat IEC6 cells, a non-transformed intestinal epithelial cell line that does not express Cdx1 protein.

In cells overexpressing both Cdx1 and Cdx2, tumorigenicity was decreased by 50 %, resistance to apoptosis was significantly lowered, and stimulated cell migration was further decreased to 15 % of control compared with cells expressing Cdx1 or Cdx2.

The five remaining cell lines had a partially methylated CDX1 promoter and all expressed CDX1 mRNA.

Combined Bisulfite Restriction Analysis (COBRA) and bisulfite sequencing analysis revealed that the CDX1 promoter is methylated in CDX1 non-expressing colorectal cancer cell lines but not in human normal colon tissue and T84 cells, which express CDX1.

Results showed that Cdx1 markedly induced IAP mRNA expression, whereas Cdx2 did not, and, in fact, inhibited the Cdx1 effects.

We have now found that Cdx1 and LEF1, a nuclear effector of Wnt signaling, synergize to induce expression from the Cdx1 promoter through previously documented LEF/T-cell factor response elements.

Cdx1 expression in IEC-6 cells induces phenotypic changes characteristic of differentiating enterocytes, suggesting an important role for Cdx1 in the transition from stem cells to proliferating/transit cells.

Overexpression of Cdx1 or Cdx2 in human colon cancer cell lines induced expression of endogenous SLC5A8, whereas CDX1 and CDX2 knockdowns reduced its level.

CDX1 overexpression increased expression of the intestinal markers Villin, sucrose isomaltase (SI), and MUC2 induced spheroid formation, and enhanced expression of the stem cell markers CD44, SOX2, Oct4, and Nanog, while CDX1 knockdown inhibited proliferation and intestinal stemness.

Results showed that Cdx1 markedly induced IAP mRNA expression, whereas Cdx2 did not, and, in fact inhibited the Cdx1 effects.

Cdx1 activates the IAP gene via a novel cis element, whereas Cdx2 inhibits the Cdx1 effects.

Intratumoral injection of Cdx1 siRNA significantly inhibited tumor growth in a xenograft tumor model inoculated with CD44(+) CD24(+) Cdx1(+) cancer cells.

Upon identifying regulatory sequences responsible for posterior Mafb repression, we have used in situ hybridization, immunofluorescence and chromatin immunoprecipitation (ChIP) analyses to determine that Cdx1 directly inhibits early Mafb expression in the neural tube posterior of the r6/r7 boundary, which is the anteriormost boundary of Cdx1 expression in the hindbrain.

We also find that Cdx1 expression is markedly attenuated in a stage- and tissue-specific fashion in the Wnt3a hypomorph vestigial tail, and present data demonstrating that Wnt3a and RA synergize strongly to activate Cdx1.

In this regard, we have previously shown that, in the mouse, Cdx1 is directly regulated by RA at the late primitive streak stage (embryonic day (E) 7.5) through a RA response element in the proximal Cdx1 promoter.

Previously, we found that Caudal-related homeobox gene1 (Cdx1) is directly regulated by the Wnt/beta-catenin signaling pathway, and we identified Wnt/beta-catenin responsive elements in the Cdx1 promoter.

These results suggest that CDX1 promoter hypermethylation is one of the molecular mechanisms that accounts for reduced CDX1 gene expression in colorectal carcinoma.

Lastly, Cdx1 expression did not alter cyclin D1 mRNA stability but did reduce cyclin D1 promoter activity, suggesting that Cdx1 acts to diminish cyclin D1 gene transcription.

However, forced expression of CDX1 in HCT116 leads to reduced clonogenicity and production of differentiating crypt-containing colonies, which can explain the selection for reduced CDX1 expression in many colorectal cancers.

Colon tumor-specific DNA methylation at Cdx1 is reduced in the DNA-hypomethylated tumors accompanied by Cdx1 derepression and an increased expression of intestinal differentiation-related genes.

We also find that Cdx1 expression is lost in Min mouse polyps with increased nuclear localization of beta-catenin, suggesting that Cdx1 does not support beta-catenin-mediated transformation.

Silencing of Cdx1 expression and treatment with lysosomal inhibitor bafilomycin A increased paclitaxel-induced cytotoxicity in CD44(+) CD24(+) Cdx1(+) cells.

This autoregulation is reflected by the ability of Cdx1 to affect expression from proximal Cdx1 promoter sequences in tissue culture.

We have previously shown that Cdx1 is a direct retinoid target gene, suggesting that Cdx1 may convey some of the effects of retinoid signaling.

CDX1/2 targets were, however, not enriched, suggesting that although CDX1/2 activation reportedly plays a role in BM development, it may not be an initial event.

IMPLICATIONS: This study shows that CDX1 contributes to the tumorigenesis and progression of gastric cancer and suggests the potential of targeting CDX1 to treat this malignancy.

Moreover, caudal-type homeobox 1 (CDX1) was identified as a direct target of miR-155 and miR-155/CDX1 rescued the effects of XIST in breast cancer cells.

A transcriptionally inactive Cdx1 mutant could not elicit this effect, suggesting that it required Cdx1 transcriptional activity.

We also report that the specific stimulatory effect of CDX1 on the Glc6Pase TATA-box, compared to CDX2 is related to the fact that CDX1, but not CDX2, can interact with the TATA-binding protein.

We also report that the specific stimulatory effect of CDX1 on the Glc6Pase TATA-box, compared to CDX2, is related to the fact that CDX1, but not CDX2, can interact with the TATA-binding protein.

More detailed analysis of the cis-regulatory elements of this 0.7-kb Cdx1 promoter region revealed that two Wnt/beta-catenin responsive elements are important for initiation of Cdx1 expression in the primitive streak and one retinoic acid response element for maintenance.

In addition, the detection of miR-296-5p and expression of CDX1 in primary GC tissues and adjacent IM tissues revealed that miR-296-5p is inversely correlated with CDX1, further supporting our in vitro results.

These results indicate that aberrant methylation of the CpG island in the CDX1 promoter is one of the mechanisms that mediate CDX1 down-regulation in colorectal cancer cell lines.

Conversely, overexpression of Cdx1 decreased cell death in CD44(+) CD24(+) p53wt cells.

Moreover, methylation-specific PCR data revealed that H2O2 treatment increased CDX1 promoter methylation, and treatment with 5-Aza-dC reversed this effect, suggesting that an epigenetic regulatory mechanism triggered by ROS-induced methylation may be involved in CDX1 expression.

Our data have revealed a previously undefined role of CDX1 during epicardial development, and suggest that transient expression of CDX1 promotes epicardial EMT, whereas subsequent down-regulation of CDX1 after 11.5 dpc in mice is necessary for further subepicardial invasion of EPDCs and contribution to coronary vascular endothelium or smooth muscle cells.

In experimental minimal change disease, ZHX3 was transiently down-regulated prior to the onset of proteinuria, and recovery of expression was associated with migration of ZHX3 protein into the nucleus and the development of proteinuria.

The strategy of data analysis was devoted to finding genes highly sensitive to Zn, and the genes associated with zinc accumulation and zinc-induced apoptosis.

Our results connect the estrogen disrupting activity of ZEN with its intestinal toxic effect associating the exposure to ZEN with cell-signaling disorders similar to those involved in the onset and progression of diseases such as cancer and chronic inflammatory disorders.

ZFYVE1 was associated with TLR3, and the FYVE domain of ZFYVE1 and the ectodomain of TLR3 were shown to be responsible for their interaction.

CZ at 100 mg/kg produced visible mild sedative effects in rats associated with a significant increase in Slow Wave Sleep episodes during a 6 h recording, and enhanced fast frequencies of hippocampus (gamma-band:31-50 Hz) during REM sleep.

Although the expression of genes encoding structural myelin proteins, such as periaxin, myelin basic protein, and myelin protein zero, was decreased, genes associated with a negative regulation of myelination, including c-Jun, Sox2, and Id2, were up-regulated in Miz1ΔPOZ mice compared with controls.

One of the seven lignin-carbohydrate fractions isolated from LEM (Fr4) enhanced the expression of dectin-2 (4.2-fold) and toll-like receptor (TLR)-2 (2.5-fold) prominently, but only slightly modified the expression of dectin-1 (0.8-fold), complement receptor 3 (0.9-fold), TLR1, 3, 4, 9 and 13 (0.8-to 1.7-fold), spleen tyrosine kinase (Syk) b, zeta-chain (TCR) associated 70 kDa protein kinase (Zap70), Janus tyrosine kinase (Jak) 2 (1.0-to 1.2-fold), nuclear factor (Nf) кb1, NFкb2, reticuloendotheliosis viral oncogene homolog (Rel) a, Relb (1.0-to 1.6-fold), Nfкbia, Nfкbib, Nfкbie, Nfкbil2 and Nfкbiz (0.8-to 2.3-fold).

Higher selenium, but not chromium or zinc, was associated with lower IL6, sTNFRI and II, and higher beta d glucan, a marker of fungal translocation, zonulin, a marker of gut permeability, oxidized LDL and insulin resistance (P ≤ 0.01).

Our results indicate that expression of NCAM is associated with better response to Btz treatment and is a promising candidate biomarker for predicting response to therapies involving Btz.

The marginal zone (MZ) of the spleen contains multiple cell types that are involved in mounting rapid immune responses against blood-borne pathogens, including conventional dendritic cells (cDCs) and MZ B cells.

Molecular docking simulation of importin (ZoIMPα), an important protein involved in nuclear translocation, into the NLS of ZoCDPK1 was well-visualized.

Severe sustained knockdown of ZHX3 caused down-regulation of genes involved in focal sclerosis, including WT1 mediated mostly by increased nuclear entry of ZHX2 and ZHX1.

The RNA-binding properties can be traced to two regions: the Zinc finger domains in the NHR4, which mediate Zinc-dependent RNA binding, and a novel short basic region (SBR) upstream of the NHR2, which mediates Zinc-independent RNA binding.

The Miz-1 POZ domain mediates both self-association and the recruitment of non-POZ partners.

Here we identify Nac1 as a novel interacting partner of the POZ-domain transcriptional activator, Miz1 (Myc-interacting zinc-finger protein 1), and using chemical crosslinking we show that this association is mediated by a heterodimeric interaction of the Nac1 and Miz1 POZ domains.

miR-889 was identified as a novel MICB-targeting miRNA and overexpression of miR-889 significantly inhibited the mRNA and protein expression of MICB in HepG2 and SMMC7721 HCC cells.

By expressing HLA-B,27:05, 6-like, and 9 alleles on a restrictive rat transporter associated with antigen processing background, we demonstrate that a tyrosine expressed at p116, either alone or together with an aspartic acid residue at p114 inhibited HLA-B27 dimerization and increased the assembly rate.

Initially generated transgenic T cells specifically recognized STEAP1(130)-pulsed or transfected cells in the context of HLA-A,02:01 with minimal cross-reactivity as determined by specific interferon-γ (IFNγ) release, lysed cells and inhibited growth of HLA-A,02:01(+) ES lines more effectively than HLA-A,02:01(-) ES lines.

Finally, the HLA-B44 photoaffinity labeling, unlike the HLA-A1 and HLA-A29 labeling, was inhibited more efficiently by the corresponding MAGE decapeptides, which is consistent with the reported HLA-B44 peptide-binding motif (glutamic acid in P2, and C-terminal tyrosine or phenylalanine).

Experiments performed in the presence of antibodies against CD8 showed that CTLp directed against HLA-B antigens were significantly less inhibited by anti-CD8 compared with CTLp against HLA-A.

Using HLA-B,14/peptide-saporin-conjugated tetramers, we show that HLA-B,14-EL9 is substantially more potent at inhibiting viral replication than HLA-B,14-DA9.

ROS scavenging had an insignificant effect on genotoxic drug-induced MICA/B expression but modestly inhibited radiation-induced MICA/B expression.

Of interest is the finding that IL-15- and type I IFN-mediated induction of MICA/B in healthy donors is completely inhibited when DCs are incubated in the presence of anti-IFN-alpha/betaR or anti-IL-15Ralpha, respectively, suggesting interdependent roles of these cytokines in MICA/B expression.

Whereas normal-sized HLA-C was most effective at inhibiting activation by normal-length MICA, only elongated HLA-C could inhibit activation by elongated MICA.

In conclusion, the results of the present study support the hypothesis that ADAM15 is involved in MICB shedding of PANC-1 cells and that gemcitabine inhibits MICB ectodomain shedding through the suppression of ADAM15.

Soluble MHC Ags and anti-Id (anti-anti-MHC) Abs have both been shown to inhibit MHC alloantigen-specific B cell responses in vivo.

The specificity of this direct interaction between peptide-loaded HLA-Cw4 on RMA-S cells and soluble KIR cl42 correlated with recognition by NK clones in that they were inhibited only by HLA-Cw4 loaded with the appropriate peptides.

beta 2-microglobulin aided the MHC tumor inhibition but did not inhibit tumor without the MHC.

We and others have previously shown that small synthetic peptides corresponding to regions of certain MHC class I molecules can inhibit the CTL response against MHC class I alloantigens in vitro.

(iii) IFN-gamma-induced transcription of the HLA-B gene was not inhibited by anisomycin or cycloheximide, but the accumulation of HLA-B transcripts plateaued sooner.

For peripheral blood NK clones, there were specific thresholds in the level of target cell HLA-C needed to inhibit cytotoxicity and to cause segregation of HLA-C from ICAM-1 at the synapse.

BCG85C5 also enhanced MHC-II surface expression of MΦs by inhibiting MARCH1 ubiquitin ligase that degrades MHC-II.

Exposure of beta cells to IFN-γ increased MHC class II gene expression, and blocking IFN-γ signaling in beta cells inhibited MHC class II upregulation.

Recently, it has been shown that mesenchymal stem cells (MSCs) do not express the major histocompatibility complex (MHC) II antigen and are able to inhibit proliferation of MHC-mismatched stimulated lymphocytes, enabling their use as in vivo allogeneic transplants.

Here, we report that LANA down-regulates MHC II expression and presentation by inhibiting the transcription of MHC II transactivator (CIITA) promoter pIII and pIV in a dose-dependent manner.

IMPORTANCE Due to the near monomorphic nature of MHC-E in the human population and inability of many pathogens to inhibit MHC-E-mediated peptide presentation, MHC-E-restricted T cells have become an attractive vaccine target.

In vitro stimulation of blood lymphocytes from a panel of HLA-B8-positive or HLA-Cw6-positive virus carriers, using autologous cells pulsed with the Zta peptides comprising the HLA-B8 or HLA-Cw6 epitope, respectively, revealed in both cases that most of these donors developed a Zta-specific cytotoxic activity.

2 DS-related SZ and the major role of MHC locus in the risk to develop SZ.

The Zap-70 mutation alters the sensitivity of developing T cells to thymic positive/negative selection by self-peptides/MHC complexes, shifting self-reactive TCR repertoire to include a dominant arthritogenic specificity and also affecting thymic development and function of autoimmune suppressive regulatory T (Treg) cells.

Many studies, however, have demonstrated that a large majority of HLA-B,15:02 individuals are unlikely to develop the adverse drug reaction while on CBZ.

Using 6600 generated decoys and the Z score optimization criterion proposed in this work, the developed potential yielded an acceptable correlation of R(2) = 0.77, with binding free energies determined for known MHC I complexes (Class I Major Histocompatibility protein HLA-A(,) 201) which were not present in the training set.

Absorption of sera with HLA-Cw5-positive lymphoid cells removed HLA-Cw5 and HLA-Cw8 specificities but spared HLA-B14.

Absorption of HLA-B14 antisera with HLA-B14/Cw8-positive cells removed HLA-Cw5, HLA-Cw8, and HLA-B14 reactivities.

HLA-C-mediated immunity may be particularly protective because HIV-1 is unable to remove HLA-C from the cell surface, whereas it can avoid HLA-A- and HLA-B-mediated immunity by Nef-mediated down-modulation.

We found that high set point viral loads (sVLs) were not associated with the emergence of Nef variants that had acquired the ability to down-modulate HLA-C or were more effective in removing HLA-A and HLA-B from the cell surface.

Therefore, HLA-B genotyping could be helpful in preventing serious problems attributable to allopurinol treatment, although PCR-SBT HLA-B genotyping is time consuming.

Based on this case, we hypothesised that if all HLA-B,15:02 carriers were prevented from CBZ prescription, another common HLA-B75 serotype marker would show its association with CBZ-SJS.

In particular, the oncogenic protein PEBP2-beta-SMMHC prevents RUNX1/p300 phosphorylation by sequestering HIPK2 to mislocalized RUNX1/beta-SMMHC complexes.

DM catalyzes peptide loading, whereas DO, an MHCII substrate mimic prevents DM from interacting with MHCII, resulting in an altered MHCII-peptide repertoire and increased MHCII-CLIP.

These studies suggested that HLA-B,5701 holds promise as a screening test to prevent AHS, but concern arose from HLA-B,5701-negative cases with a clinical diagnosis of AHS, and particularly from early reports of apparently low sensitivities of HLA-B,5701 for AHS in patients of non-White race.

Additionally, 5-FU could increase MICA expression on HepG-2 or A549 cells and prevent membrane MICA from shedding as soluble MICA, which were abrogated in the tumor cells transfected with ADAM 10 overexpression plasmid.

We rationally designed antibodies targeting the MICA α3 domain, the site of proteolytic shedding, and found that these antibodies prevented loss of cell surface MICA and MICB by human cancer cells.

TT-1 not only up-regulated MHC class I-related chain molecules A (MICA) expression, but also prevented the secretion of soluble MICA (sMICA).

Our data furthermore demonstrate the importance of specific and exact trimming of peptides to be presented on MHC class II, suggesting that the presentation of cryptic epitopes is favored or prevented by existence of multiple MHC-binding motifs within a certain amino acid sequence, which can result in different or altered T cell reactions.

One of these, KIR049-4, was an inhibitory KIR3DL that bound MHC-I tetramers and prevented activation, degranulation, and cytokine production by macaque NK cells after engagement with specific MHC-I molecules on the surface of target cells.

In contrast, down-regulated or altered MHC-I expression as frequently observed during virus infection or on malignant cells prevents ligation of inhibitory receptors and MHC-I paralyzing inhibition and thus inducing lysis of the target cell.

Summary One function of the major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class II-associated invariant chain (Ii) is to prevent MHC class II molecules from binding endogenously generated antigenic epitopes.

Science community believes that the presence of a polymorphism in the CCR5 gene, which is related to chronic inflammatory state, could confer a higher survival rate and a lower number of inflammatory events to these patients since the deletion in CCR5Δ32 would knock out the CCR5 gene.

Altered CCR5 expression in microbial infection and immune related diseases have been reported by several researchers but the role of CCR5 promoter polymorphisms and CCR5 Δ 32 mutation in Iranian patients suffering from these diseases are controversial.

T-tropic SIV strains required the second extracellular loop of CCR5 whereas a closely related M-tropic SIV strain could, like M-tropic HIV-1 strains, use the amino-terminal domain of CCR5.

Collectively, these findings indicate an important role for CCR5, MIP-1 alpha, and CCR2 in granulomatous inflammation, and that CCR5 and MIP-1 alpha, possibly acting through CCR5, might play a deleterious role in the outcome of chronic L.

We demonstrated that soluble recombinant CCR5-T4L acts as a HIV-1 co-receptor, interacts with wild type CCR5, down-regulates the surface CCR5 expression in human macrophages, and interacts with CCL5 to inhibit macrophage migration.

To elucidate the mechanism of NF-κB activation by maraviroc, we have evaluated in HeLa P4 C5 cells, which stably express CCR5, whether maraviroc could be acting as a partial CCR5 agonist, with no other mechanisms or pathways involved.

These studies suggest that the V3 loop protects HIV from neutralization by antibodies prevalent in infected humans, that CCR5 inhibitors likely act by disrupting interactions between the V3 loop and the coreceptor, and that altered use of CCR5 by HIV-1 associated with increased sensitivity to changes in the N-terminal domain can be linked to high levels of resistance to these antiviral compounds.

The demonstration that individuals with a 32-bp deletion within the CCR5 locus were resistant to human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection, while those heterozygous for the mutation progressed more slowly led to the discovery of maraviroc (MVC), a CCR5 antagonist.

More importantly, two intravenous inoculations of CCR5-expressing BoHV-4 virions into rabbits led to the production of anti-CCR5 antibodies capable of reacting with the CCR5 receptor exposed on the surface of HEK293T cells through specific recognition of the amino-terminal region (aa 14-34) of the protein.

The importance of CCR5 in HIV led to recent genetic engineering of humans to recreate a non-functional CCR5 gene.

In patients with end stage renal disease (ESRD) we observed protection from inflammation-associated mortality in CCR5Δ32 carriers leading to CCR5 deficiency, suggesting impact of CCR5Δ32 on inflammatory processes.

Compared with controls, carriers of a polymorphism in the Ccr5 gene that leads to the lack of CCR5 in the cell surface had an increased mean percentage of EPCs, but this difference did not reach statistical significance.

In contrast, the loss of the CCR5 ligand, CCL3 led to an early delay in tumor growth that did not persist, while the absence of the CCR5 ligand, CCL5, had no effect.

The blockade of Th1 chemokine receptors using TAK-779, a dual blocker for CXCR3 and CCR5 led to reduced numbers of CXCR3+CD4+ and CCR5+CD4+ T-cells in BALF.

Finally, the minimal levels of cross-resistance suggests that recognition of the MVC-modified form of CCR5 does not necessarily lead to recognition of other antagonist-modified forms of CCR5.

Genetic analysis has revealed the importance of chemokine receptor genes in the disease progression, and the identification of genetic polymorphisms such as alterations in the CCR5 gene that prevent surface expression leads explaining why some people with CCR5 mutation are protected from HIV infection.

There were conserved uncharged residues at position 11 of V3 (mostly serine/glycine) and negatively charged residues at residue 25 (mostly glutamic/aspartic acid) among all isolates that used CCR5, whereas substitution with arginine or glutamine at these two positions led to usage of a co-receptor other than CCR5.

The role of CCR5 in HIV infection led to the development of specific and potent CCR5 antagonists.

MD simulations suggested that the screened compounds retained the important common binding mode known for CCR5 inhibitors (maraviroc and nifeviroc), which occupied the bottom of a pocket and stabilized the conformation of CCR5.

On the contrary, Tpl2 was required to maintain the basal expression of CCR2 and CCR5 as well as to stabilize CCR5 mRNA expression.

Small-molecule CCR5 inhibitors such as vicriviroc (VVC) and maraviroc (MVC) are allosteric modulators that impair HIV-1 entry by stabilizing a CCR5 conformation that the virus recognizes inefficiently.

We observed that TAK779 and MVC are full and weak inverse agonists for CCR5, respectively, indicating that they stabilize distinct CCR5 conformations with impaired abilities to activate G-proteins.

We mutated conserved amino acids to generate constitutively active CCR5 receptors, which are stabilized in active conformations, and tested the ability of constitutively active CCR5 receptors to mediate HIV envelope-directed membrane fusion.

Exposure of FRT DCs to HIV induced secretion of CCL2, CCR5 ligands, interleukin (IL)-8, elafin, and secretory leukocyte peptidase inhibitor (SLPI) within 3 h of exposure, whereas classical pro-inflammatory molecules did not change and interferon-α2 and IL-10 were undetectable.

Here, we have disrupted the CCR5 locus of human embryonic stem cells (hESCs) and induced pluripotent stem cells (hiPSCs) using specific zinc finger nucleases (ZFNs) combined with homologous recombination.

We have used this system to identify zinc-finger nucleases that exhibit high cleavage activity (up to 60 % indels) at their targets within the CCR5 and HBB genes and strong discrimination against homologous sequences within CCR2 and HBD.

Here, we used a previously characterized ZFN pair targeting the chemokine (C-C motif) receptor 5 (CCR5) locus to introduce, as a proof of concept, the enhanced green fluorescent protein (eGFP) or the microdystrophin genes into human myoblasts.

To characterize a new zinc-finger nuclease (ZFN) that targets close to the sequence of the 32 bp deletion polymorphism in the CCR5 gene, and to generate cells resistant to HIV-1 strains that use CCR5.

Genome-wide integration site analysis mapped the actual in vivo cleavage activity of four ZFN pairs targeting CCR5 or IL2RG.

We have measured concentrations of pro-inflammatory/Th1 interferon-γ (IFNγ), immunomodulatory/Th2 interleukin-10 (IL-10), anti-viral type I (IFNβ) and type III (IFNλ3) interferons in cerebrospinal fluid (csf) and serum of 18 TBE patients, simultaneously genotyped for polymorphisms associated with the expression of genes IFNL3 (coding IFNλ3), IL10, CD209 and CCR5.

More recently, the apparent HIV cure in a patient transplanted with hematopoietic stem cells devoid of functional CCR5 rekindled the interest for inactivating CCR5 through gene therapy and pharmacological approaches.

CCR5 signaling is critical for the successful infection of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) and people with homozygous inactivating CCR5-Δ32 mutations have been shown to be protected against HIV infection.

RANTES can inhibit HIV-1 infection by competing with it for binding to receptor CCR5 and stimulating CCR5 endocytosis.

Here, we design an immunogen that can induce Abs against CCR5 and SIVmac239 ENV simultaneously and show that bovine alpha-2-HS-glycoprotein (bAHSG) functions as a booster antigen for efficiently stimulating humoral immune responses to CCR5 and ENV.

Although binding of the HIV envelope protein to CCR5 stimulates cellular signaling, the CCR5 conformation that induces fusion of the viral membrane with cellular membranes is not known.

As shown in bioinformatics assays, the data included 90 primary presumptive targets of VC-treated pneumonia, and 5 other core targets of VC-treated pneumonia were identified as mitogen activated protein kinase 1 (MAPK1), c-c chemokine receptor type 5 (CCR5), mitogen activated protein kinase 3 (MAPK3), angiotensin II type 2 (AT-2) receptor (AGTR2), and signal transducer and activator of transcription 3 (STAT3).

The results demonstrated that CCL5-CCR1/CCR3/CCR5 activates the NF-κB and STAT3 signal pathways, subsequently mediating the differentiation of CSLCs into ECs.

Lidocaine inhibited the expression levels of HMGB1, MIP-1α, CCR1 and CCR5, and the HMGB1 antibody suppressed the expression of MIP-1α, CCR1 and CCR5.

Myelin basic protein (MBP) and CNPase were increased while NG2 and O4 were decreased in CCR5-/- mice, indicating that demyelination was suppressed by CCR5 gene deletion.

Animal experiments suggested that CCR5 deficiency in B16/F10 or A375 cells suppressed primary tumor growth and lung metastasis, whereas CCR5 overexpression in B16/F0 cells enhanced primary tumor growth and lung metastasis.

The CCR5 ligands RANTES, MIP-1alpha and MIP-1beta suppress infection by R5-HIV-1 particles via induction of CCR5 internalization, and individuals whose peripheral blood lymphocytes produce high levels of these chemokines are relatively resistant to infection [ 7 ] [ 8 ] [ 9 ].

The neglected role of CCR5 in fungal disease and emerging studies regarding the action of CCR5 on regulatory T cells are briefly covered in this review.

However, targeting CCR5 is not always effective, and emerging evidence has shown that CCR5 facilitates progenitor cell recruitment and promotes vascular endothelial cell repair.

In addition, little is known about CCR5\s role in the absence of an enhanced inflammatory state, such as when infection persists.

Subsequent experiments with the metabolic inhibitor SKF 525 A revealed that this compound only partially inhibited the mutagenic activity of NPYR, suggesting that although hepatic mixed function oxidase enzymes may participate in NPYR activation other pathways of metabolism are also involved.

Additionally, CXCR4a was upregulated in all three organs in resistant fish, suggesting that CXCL8 or CXCL12a may participate in the immune response via interaction with CXCR4a.

Importantly, Gαi immunoprecipitation and calcium mobilization studies indicated that nuclear CXCR4 was functional and participated in G-protein signaling, revealing that the nuclear pool of CXCR4 retained function.

CPCs were enumerated by flow cytometry as CD45med+ blood mononuclear cells expressing CD34+, CD133+, VEGF2R+, and CXCR4+ epitopes in 1747 subjects, mean age 58.4 ±13, 55 % male, and 26 % self-reported black.

A majority of CD4(+) T cells in breast milk express high levels of CCR5 and CXCR4.

Besides CD4, they express the chemokine receptors CCR5 and CXCR4, the common coreceptors of HIV.

In contrast, the Th2 associated chemokine receptors CXCR4 and CCR4 were expressed by a fewer percentage of BAL CD4+ compared with PBL CD4+ T cells.

In this article, we discuss how human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection of activated CD4+ cells expressing the chemokine receptors CCR5 or CXCR4, results in severe immunosuppression while evading the immune response.

CD4dimCD8bright T cells also express both CXCR4 and CCR5 but are susceptible to T-tropic and not M-tropic HIV infection.

To validate this hypothesis, we estimated the percentage of CD4 cells expressing CCR5 or CXCR4 molecules among healthy south Indian adults and HIV infected individuals.

Among the HIV infected individuals (n = 51) the percentage of CD4 T cells expressing CCR5 and CXCR4 was 26.8 and 78.7 per cent respectively.

The percentage of CD4 cells expressing CCR5 and CXCR4 in both the HIV uninfected and infected adults was significantly higher in the south Indian population than in the West.

SIL suppression of HIV-1 coincided with dose-dependent reductions in actively proliferating CD19+, CD4+, and CD8+ cells, resulting in fewer CD4+ T cells expressing the HIV-1 co-receptors CXCR4 and CCR5.

CXCR4 was positively expressed by CD4+ T cells in 96 HIV cases, CD8+ T cells in 95, regulatory T cells in 89 of 95 cases evaluated, and Th17 cells in all 92 cases evaluated, while expression remained negative in the majority of normal controls.

The percentage of both CD4+ and CD8+ lymphocytes expressing the chemokine receptor CXCR4 was similar in patients with BD and controls.

CD4 T cells isolated from peripheral blood after transplantation did not express CCR5 and were susceptible only to CXCR4-tropic virus ex vivo.

HIV-1 virions activated CD4(+) and CD8(+) T cells to express CD25 and HLA-DR and preferentially induced apoptosis in CD25(+) HLA-DR(+) T cells in a CXCR4-dependent manner.

In this study, we show that CXCR4 is highly expressed on BM-infiltrating CD4(+) and CD8(+) T cells in a mouse model of AA.

Our data also indicate that TIT cells containing both CD4(+) and CD8(+) T-cells within J558/SDF-1 tumors express the SDF-1 receptor CXCR4, and that SDF-1 specifically chemoattracts these cells in vitro.

To further characterize this mechanism, we studied ADA binding to murine clones stably expressing human CD26 and/or human CD4, and transiently expressing human CXCR4.

The efficiency of the entry was compared with the entry taking place in CD4-positive cells expressing either CCR5 or CXCR4.

The chemokine receptors CXCR4 and CCR5 are expressed at higher levels in Region I than in Region II and are present at very low levels in all other lung cells including CD45+/collagen I- leucocytes.

When introduced into primary cells, CD4 T cells expressing C34-conjugated coreceptors exhibited physiologic responses to T cell activation while inhibiting diverse HIV-1 isolates, and cells containing C34-conjugated CXCR4 expanded during HIV-1 infection in vitro and in a humanized mouse model.

After CD3/CD28 activation, IFN-β(-/-) CD4+ T cells express higher levels of IRF-4, required for Th17 differentiation, and increased expression of CCR6, IL-23R, IL-6R, and CXCR4, compared with activated IFN-β(+/+) T cells.

In bone marrow and heart, CXCR4-EGFP was predominantly expressed in CD45+/CD11b+ leukocytes which significantly increased after myocardial ischemia.

Neointimal cells in C57BL/6 mice were defined as a subset of fibrocytes (CD34(+) CD45(+) collagen-1(+)) expressing SMA, CD31, TIE-2, CXCR4 and CXCL12.

CD4 cells stably expressing a panel of HIV coreceptors (CCR5, CXCR4, CCR3, CXCR6, GPR1, APJ, ChemR23, RDC-1 or BLT1).

We investigated whether the number of CD4(+) T-cells expressing CCR5 or CXCR4, the density of these coreceptors and concentrations of specific immune proteins linked to HIV pathogenesis vary between individuals infected with HIV clade A or D.

CD4(+) T cells and other cell types expressing the major coreceptors for HIV, CCR5, and CXCR4 are abundant in both the lower reproductive tract (endocervix and vagina) and the upper tract (endocervix and uterus) and are highly susceptible to infection.

The HIV-1 gp120 exterior envelope glycoprotein bound tightly to proteoliposomes expressing only CD4 and, in the presence of soluble CD4, bound weakly to proteoliposomes expressing only CXCR4.

CD4 cells expressing either CCR5 or CXCR4.

CD4 cells expressing a set of six different CCR5/CXCR4 chimeric receptors or wild-type coreceptors.

Thus, in vitro, when CD4 T cells express physiological levels of CXCR4 coreceptors, R5 virions are more fit for replication than X4 virions and in vivo that limited surface expression of CXCR4 on cell targets could contribute to the preponderance of R5 viruses.

The kinetics of viral RNA, proviral DNA, CD4+ T-cell count, and subsets of CD4+ T cells expressing CCR5 or CXCR4 were characterized in 8 acute and 62 recent subtype C infections over the first year postseroconversion.

CD4+ NK cells express CXCR4 and can be infected with X4-tropic viruses and some primary R5-utilizing viral isolates.

CD4 cells expressing wild type or six different CCR5/CXCR4 chimeric receptors.

CD4 cells expressing CXCR4 or CCR5 or in PBMCs\240\±\240\entry inhibitors.

CD4 cells expressing wild-type or chimeric CCR5 and CXCR4.

Gp120 binding to the main cell receptor, CD4, on the surface of cells expressing this molecule, and interaction with the cell chemokine receptors CCR5 and CXCR4, are among the key events for HIV-1 infection.

HIV-1 has therefore the capacity to dysregulate the vast CD4(+) T cell population that expresses CXCR4.

Furthermore, both CD4(+) and CD4(-) NKT cells frequently express both CXCR4 and CCR5 HIV coreceptors.

Both viruses preferentially infect HOS-CD4 cells expressing CXCR4.

CD4 cells expressing CCR3, CCR5, or CXCR4.

In addition, following coculture with cells expressing gp120, a Fas-independent apoptosis involving mitochondria and caspase activation is also observed in primary umbilical cord blood CD4(+) T lymphocytes expressing high levels of CXCR4.

CD4 cell lines expressing different mutant forms of CXCR4 (i.

CD4 astrocytic cell lines expressing exclusively either CCR5 or CXCR4.

Such infections may favor selectivity of HIV for CD4(+) T cells expressing CXCR4.

CXCR4 was expressed on the majority of CD4 lymphocytes in both compartments.

We show that synovial T cells, which are primed CD45RO+CD45RBdull cells and consequently not expected to express constitutive chemokine receptors, have high levels of the chemokine receptor CXCR4.

As the adenoidal CD4(+) memory phenotype CD45RO(+) T cells expressed the activation antigen CD69 and included cells expressing the HIV co-receptors CXCR4 and CCR5 at a high level, they may be permissive for HIV infection.

In the present sudy, chemokine receptor-usage of primary HIV-1 isolates was examined using U87-CD4 cells expressing chemokine receptors CCR3, CCR5 and CXCR4.

In contrast, most isolates from patients in the CDC-IV stage infected both U87-CD4 cells expressing CXCR4 or CCR5.

Our study, however, emphasizes that primary HIV-2 strains carry the potential to infect CD4(-) cells expressing CCR5 or CXCR4 in vivo.

Apoptosis occurring in cocultures of chronically HIV-1 IIIB-infected cells with CD4 target cells expressing the CXCR4 receptor was quantified by terminal deoxinucleotidyl transferase dUTP nick end labeling (TUNEL) or propidium iodide staining followed by fluorescent antibody cell sorting, which allows the evaluation of single-cell killing.

These chimeric viruses were employed in virus infectivity assays using HOS-CD4 cells expressing either CCR5 or CXCR4, peripheral blood mononuclear cells, T-cell lines, or macrophages.

CD4 cells expressing CXCR4 and not in HOS.

Heterologous FIV expression in a variety of human cell lines resulted in profuse syncytial lysis that was FIV env specific, CD4 independent, and restricted to cells that express CXCR4, the coreceptor for T-cell-line-adapted strains of human immunodeficiency virus.

CD4 cells expressing CCR1, CCR2b, CCR3, CCR4, CCR5, and CXCR4 but also in HOS.

CD4 glioma cells stably expressing chemokine receptor CCR1, CCR2b, CCR3, CCR5, or CXCR4.

CD4 glioma cell lines, stably expressing the chemokine receptor CCR1, CCR2b, CCR3, CCR5, or CXCR4, we have tested chemokine receptor specificity for a panel of genetically diverse envelope glycoprotein genes cloned from primary HIV-1 isolates and have found that receptor usage was closely associated with the biological phenotype of the virus isolate but not the genetic subtype.

We observed that the human megakaryoblastic CD4+ UT-7 cell line fails to express CXCR4 RNA and is fully resistant to HIV entry.

The majority of CD4 T cells express CXCR4, however, and X4 HIV-1 readily replicates in both tissues, suggesting that although the differential expression of co-receptors contributes to the GALT vulnerability to R5 HIV-1, it alone cannot account for the selective R5 infection of the rectal mucosa in vivo.

CXCR4 is expressed on the surface of CD4(+) T cells, dendritic cells and B lymphocytes.

Coreceptor tropism is determined by measuring the abilities of these pseudovirus populations to efficiently infect CD4+/U87 cells expressing either the CXCR4 or CCR5 coreceptor.

Most CD4+-transformed T cell lines express only CXCR4, but primary lymphocytes and macrophages, the main cellular targets for infection in vivo, express both coreceptors.

We found a significant decrease from normal in the fraction of CD4+ T cells expressing CCR5 and CXCR4 in individuals infected with HIV.

CD4+ T cells and eosinophils express CD74 and CXCR4, receptors able to signal upon MIF binding.

All six pseudoviruses were infectious and exhibited expected coreceptor usage phenotype in HOS-CD4 cells expressing either CCR5 or CXCR4.

Phenotypic analysis showed that maC46-transduced and expanded cells were predominantly central memory CD4+ T cells that expressed low levels of CCR5 and slightly elevated levels of CD62L, beta7-integrin and CXCR4.

In uninfected women, 44 %-78 % of breast milk CD4(+) T cells expressed the C chemokine receptor 5 (CCR5), whereas 26 %-73 % of cells coexpressed CCR5 and CXC chemokine receptor 4 (CXCR4).

In contrast, only 7 %-20 % of peripheral blood CD4(+) T cells expressed CCR5 and 1 %-20 % coexpressed CCR5 and CXCR4.

Immunophenotypic analysis showed that repopulating mucosal CD4+ T cells were predominantly of a memory phenotype and expressed CD11 alpha, alpha(E) beta 7, CCR5, and CXCR4.

Colorectal explant CD4 T cells expressed higher CCR5 and CXCR4 levels compared with blood.

GALT CD8(+) T cells were predominantly CD45RO(+) and expressed CXCR4 and CCR5.

Resting human CD8 and CD4 T cells expressed the CXCR4, but not the CXCR7, receptor for CXCL12.

Functional assays showed that envelopes with V3 S11R or D25K mutation were dual-tropic, infecting CD4+ target cells that expressed either the CCR5 or CXCR4 coreceptor.

Interestingly, the vast majority of CD4(+) T cells and LCs expressed CCR5, but not CXCR4, indicating that the inner foreskin might capture and transmit R5-tropic HIV strains more efficiently.

Th9-polarized CD4 T cells and, to a lesser extent, Th2-polarized CD4 T cells expressed higher surface levels of CXCR4, and are more permissive to X4-tropic infection in vitro.

The observed increased expression of IFNAR2 was largely restricted to CD4 T cells that expressed the chemokine receptor CXCR4 and lacked the expression of CCR5.

This virus infected CD4-negative T and B cells and fused with murine 3 T3 cells that expressed human CXCR4 alone.

Primary CD4(-) fetal astrocyte cultures expressed CXCR4 and supported replication by the T-cell-line-adapted ROD/B strain.

We observed that, in addition to CD4 receptors, AM from healthy adults expressed low levels of CCR5, CCR3, and CXCR4 chemokine receptors by flow cytometry, and specific messenger RNA was detected for all three receptors by reverse transcriptase/polymerase chain reaction.

In contrast, X4 HIV-1 variants preferentially produced productive infection in activated HLA-DR+ CD62L+ CD4+ T cells, which expressed high levels of CXCR4.

cmvIL-10 effects on CXCL12/CXCR4 signaling required the IL-10 receptor and Stat3 activation.

US27 effects were Stat3 independent but required close proximity to CXCR4 in cell membranes of either HCMV-infected or US27-transfected cells.

AMD3100, a CXCR4-specific inhibitor, significantly increased invasion of 12 Z cells but decreased their migration.

Upon DOXO treatment, ZEB1 binding decreased and RNA-polymerase-II increased, suggesting a DOXO-mediated transcriptional increase in CXCR4.

The data demonstrated that HQEZ increased the phosphorylation of β-catenin which related to the degradation of β-catenin, and it induced the downregulation of EMT signal and CXCR4.

Moreover, progesterone regulates CXCR4 expression in a tissue-dependent manner, but whether differing concentrations of progesterone reaching the pituitary modulate CXCL12 or CXCR4 is not known.

These dimeric CXCR4 modulators represent new molecular probes and therapeutics that effectively modulate CXCL12-CXCR4 interaction and function.

Our findings provide mechanistic insights into the function of α1-AR:CXCR4 heteromers and suggest alternative approaches to modulate CXCR4 in disease conditions.

While basically no doubts remain that CXCR4 represents a classical chemokine receptor, functions assigned to ACKR3/CXCR7 range from those of a strictly silent scavenger receptor eventually modulating CXCR4-signaling to an active and independent signaling receptor.

Given that the expression of the CXCL12 receptor, CXCR4, can be modulated pharmacologically in other cell types, we tested the hypotheses that the regulation of CXCR4 expression on fibrocytes mediates their influx to the lung in the context of pulmonary fibrosis and that pharmacologic inhibition of this process results in attenuated disease severity.

Thus, this study indicates that CXCR4 can modulate cisplatin sensitivity in TNBC cells and suggests that CXCR4 may be a therapeutic target for TNBC.

In this study, we retrieved a potential PAX3 binding element in the promoter of the CXCR4 gene, and we further found that PAX3 could promote the expression of CXCR4 and facilitate the migration of NCs.

Intrathecal injection of the principal ligand for CXCR4, SDF-1 promoted p-CaMKII and p-CREB expression in naive rats, which was prevented by post-administration of CXCR4 inhibitor Plerixafor or PLC inhibitor U73122.

We previously demonstrated that CXCR4 promotes NSCLC chemoresistance by upregulating CYP1B1, however, the relationship of CD133, CXCR4 and EMT processes in NSCLC metastasis are unclear.

In conclusion, our results indicate that overexpression of CXCR4 in NSCLC promotes cisplatin resistance via CXCR4-mediated CYP1B1 upregulation.

These results suggest the reciprocal roles of LL-37 and CXCR4 in promoting breast cancer cell migration and provide new insight into the design of CXCR4 inhibitor for intervention of metastatic breast cancer.

Monomeric CXCL12 preferentially activated CXCR4 signalling through Gαi and Akt, whereas dimeric CXCL12 more effectively promoted recruitment of β-arrestin 2 to CXCR4 and chemotaxis of CXCR4-expressing breast cancer cells.

Having previously shown the ability of the stromal-cell derived factor-1 (SDF-1)-CXCR4 signaling axis to promote primary tumorigenesis and hormone independence by overexpressing CXCR4 in MCF-7 cells, in this study we further examined the role of SDF-1/CXCR4 in the endogenously CXCR4-positive, estrogen receptor α (ER-α)-positive breast carcinoma cell line, MDA-MB-361.

Here, we report the complementary role of the chemokine (C-X-C motif) ligand 12/C-X-C chemokine receptor 4 (CXCR4) and VEGF/VEGFR1 pathways in promoting lung metastasis in mice via BMDC recruitment using chimeric mice with deficiency in CXCR4 and VEGFR1-tyrosine kinase in the BMDCs.

Addition of rapamycin to anti-CXCR4 therapy further promoted HSC mobilization and islet allograft survival, inducing a robust and transferable host hyporesponsiveness, while administration of an ACK2 (anti-CD117) mAb halted CXCR4 antagonist-mediated HSC release and restored allograft rejection.

CXCR4 overexpression in MCF-7 cells promoted estrogen independence in vivo, whereas exogenous SDF-1 treatment negated the inhibitory effects of treatment with the anti-estrogen ICI 182, 780 on CXCR4-mediated tumor growth.

These findings suggest that EM-induced CXCR4 surface expression on endothelial cells may promote migration of CXCR4-expressing endothelial cells into sites of tissue injury, which may be associated with the known anti-inflammatory activity of this macrolide.

We found that after irradiation, hypoxia-inducible factor 1 α (HIF-1α) was increased and translocated into the nucleus, where it bound to the hypoxia response element (HRE) in the CXCR4 promoter and promoted the transcription of CXCR4.

We further investigated the mechanisms by which HT-29-derived-exosomes influence the liver metastasis of colorectal cancer and found that mice treated with HT-29-derived exosomes had a relatively higher level of CXCR4 in the metastatic microenvironment, indicating that exosomes may promote colorectal cancer metastasis by recruiting CXCR4-expressing stromal cells to develop a permissive metastatic microenvironment.

Considering that the overexpression of CXCR4 can promote tumor cell metastasis, a novel cooperative strategy that utilizes plerixafor (PLF, CXCR4 antagonist) with CA4-NPs for inhibiting tumor growth and metastasis simultaneously is developed.

Cxc-receptor mRNA profiling indicated that Cxcr4 and Cxcr7 are the most abundant family members in islets, but CXCL14 did not promote β-arrestin recruitment at CXCR4 or CXCR7 or antagonise CXCL12 activation of these receptors.

The CXCR7/CXCR4 heterodimerization also promoted APC mutation-driven colorectal tumorigenesis in APCMin/+/villin-CXCR7-CXCR4 mice.

The peptide antagonist X4-2-6, which is derived from transmembrane helix 2 and extracellular loop 1 of CXCR4, limited chemotaxis and signaling but did not promote CXCR4 accumulation on the cell surface or cause tolerance.

Our findings suggest that horizontal transfer of exosomal CXCR4 can promote murine hepatocarcinoma cell migration, invasion and lymphangiogenesis, and exosomal CXCR4 might be a novel therapeutic target against tumor lymphatic metastasis.

Moreover, our study found that CXCR4 promoted the development of lung metastases and inhibition of CXCR4 by miR-613 reduced lung metastases.

These results suggested that 3 D culture of hUCMSCs with PADM could alter the phenotypic characteristics of hUCMSCs, increase their TLR and CXCR4 expression levels, and promote their migratory and homing capacity in which CXCR4 plays an important role.

Moreover, it is confirmed that overexpression of notch1 up-regulated CXCR4 inRCC CSCs and augmented SDF-1-induced chemotaxis in RCC CSCs in vitro, which could be rescued when treatment of CXCR4 inhibitor, suggesting that notch signaling promotes the chemotaxis of RCC CSCs by SDF-1/CXCR4 axis.

Overexpression of MIM promoted CXCR4 ubiquitylation, inhibited cellular response to SDF-1, caused accumulation and aggregation of multivesicular bodies (MVBs) in the cytoplasm, and promoted CXCR4 sorting into MVBs in a manner depending on binding to AIP4.

Mechanistically, activated glucocorticoid receptor binds directly to a glucocorticoid response element in the CXCR4 promoter and recruits the SRC-1-p300 complex to promote H4K5 and H4K16 histone acetylation, facilitating transcription of CXCR4.

Collectively, our data describe the critical early step of directional cell movement toward SDF-1 that ZAP-70 is recruited to the CXCR4 at the leading edge of membrane and consequently modulates lamellipodia/filopodia formation and integrin activation.

Replating assays showed that contact with stromal cells was critical for HSPC-derived CD45RA+CD10+CD7-CD19- B lineage-biased precursors to differentiate into CD19+ pro-B cells, which was suppressed by the anti-CXCR4 Ab.

We found that CD44 binds directly to HER2, which up-regulates the expression of metastasis-associated protein-1, induces deacetylation of histone H3 lysine 9, and suppresses transcription of microRNA139 (miR-139) to inhibit expression of its target gene, C-X-C chemokine receptor type 4 (CXCR4).

Furthermore, synthetic receptor antagonists that specifically block CXCR4-mediated entry dramatically suppressed the depletion of CD4(+) T cells by recombinant and clinically derived X4 HIV-1 isolates.

T22, which was initially found to bind gp120 and CD4, and T140 selectively suppress T-cell line-tropic HIV-1 (X4-HIV-1) entry based on their specific binding to CXCR4.

The knockdown of CD44 decreased the CXCR4 and POU5F1 gene expressions in TGFβ1/TNFα-treated A549 cells.

The CXCR4 inhibitors had an effect on the state of differentiation of GICs decreasing the percentage of CD44+ cells in glioblastoma multiform neurospheres in vitro.

Here, we demonstrate that high CD49d expression in tri12 CLL is accompanied by decreased CXCR4 expression.

More patients in whom maraviroc failed had a virus binding to the CXC chemokine receptor 4 (CXCR4) at failure, but there was no evidence of a decrease in the CD4 cell count at failure in such patients as compared with those in whom placebo failed.

Northern blot analysis of mRNAs extracted from HHV-6A-, HHV-6B-, and HHV-7-infected CD4+ T lymphocytes demonstrated a markedly decreased level of CXCR4 gene transcription, but the posttranscriptional stability of CXCR4 mRNA was not significantly altered.

Expression of an 85 aa fragment of the GBV-C NS5A phosphoprotein (genotype 2) in a CD4+ T cell line (Jurkat) resulted in inhibition of HIV replication, mediated in part by decreased surface expression of the HIV coreceptor CXCR4 and upregulation of SDF-1.

We previously reported that blockade of the chemokine receptor CXCR4 resulted in decreased CD4+ T cell exhaustion and improved survival in a model of polymicrobial sepsis in previously healthy mice.

The addition of IL-16 to BC increased the migratory capacity of expanded CD34(+) cells compared to BC alone, leaving the expression of CXCR4 unaffected, and decreased the percentage of CD34(+) CD4(+) cells.

HIV coreceptor usage of CXCR4 (X4) is associated with decreased CD4+ T-cell counts and accelerated disease progression, but the role of X4 tropism in HIV-associated neurocognitive disorders (HAND) has not previously been described.

Minocycline mediated a dose-dependent decrease in single-cycle CXCR4-tropic HIV infection and decreased viral RNA after infection of CD4+ T cells with HIV NL4-3.

Our preliminary findings suggest that the CD44 gene may have a role in regulating CXCR4 and POU5F1 gene expressions, independently of the EMT signaling pathway.

Here, we demonstrate that serines (Ser) 346 and/or 347 (Ser-346/7) of CXCR4 are phosphorylated upon stimulation with the agonist CXCL12 as well as a CXCR4 pepducin, ATI-2341.

In neuroblastoma cells (neuro-2a), PIM1 regulated the expression of CXCR4 phosphorylated at ser339 (pCXCR4) as well as the CXCL12/CXCR4 pathway.

MIF internalized CXCR4, but unlike CXCL12 (SDF-1α), it did not phosphorylate Erk1/2 after CXCR4 ligation because of the lack of CD74 and failed in subsequent CXCR7 externalization.

SDF-1/CXCR4 chemokine axis can chemotactically accumulate inflammatory cell to local tissue and regulate the release of inflammatory factors, and SDF-1 has a strong chemotaxis effect on neutrophils with CXCR4.

Moreover, transfection of BMSCs with siHIF-1α reduced CXCR4 expression, suggesting that HIF-1α can regulate the migration of cells by influencing the expression of CXCR4.

CXCR7 is a chemokine receptor that binds to the same ligand as CXCR4 and regulates de CXCR4-CXCL12 axis.

Our findings suggest that CXCR4 regulates lung vascular permeability and further point towards CXCR4 as a drug target to confer lung protection during resuscitation from traumatic-hemorrhagic shock.

We conclude that the CXCR4/NMDA cross-talk is dynamically regulated by the time of activation of the CXCR4s.

In addition, CXCR4 expression was not regulated by JMJD3, but the interruption of CXCR4 caused by the CXCR4 inhibitor AMD3100 abolished the promotional effect of JMJD3 on EMT and migration in glioma cells.

CXC-chemokine receptor 4 (CXCR4) regulates the retention of stem/progenitor cells in the bone marrow (BM), and the CXCR4 antagonist AMD3100 improves recovery from coronary ligation injury by mobilizing stem/progenitor cells from the BM to the peripheral blood.

The chemokine receptor, CXCR4, and its specific ligand, CXCL12, have been proven to regulate the directional trafficking and invasion of breast cancer cells to sites of metastases, and similar phenomena have also been identified in many malignant tumors that aberrantly overexpress CXCR4.

Because mutations in the CXCR4 gene could regulate its function we sequenced the coding region of the CXCR4 gene in 18 human melanoma and 3 human colon carcinoma cell lines.

Glucocorticoids promote CXCR4 expression by T cells, monocytes, macrophages, and eosinophils, but it is not known if glucocorticoids regulate CXCR4 in B cells.

Our results demonstrated that CXCR4 plays a non-developmental role in regulating cardiac function and that CXCR4 cKO mice develop a progressive cardiomyopathy leading to clinical heart failure.

Here, the role of vascular CXCR4 in regulating vascular structure in hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) was assessd, and the clinical value of CXCR4 was explored.

Muting CXCR4 or COX2 regulated the migration/invasion potential of IR-surviving cells, while forced expression of CXCR4 or COX2 significantly increased migration/invasion capabilities of PC cells.

Additionally, CXCL12-mediated endocytosis of CXCR4 was differentially regulated during aging, which could be attributed to alterations in the ubiquitination of CXCR4.

The fact that cyclosporin A or ionomycin were able to independently change the CXCR4 expression and block the effects of IL-4 and IL-10 on CXCR4 expression implied that the capacity of IL-4 and IL-10 to regulate CXCR4 on CD4+ T lymphocytes is not linked to calcium-mobilization stimulation.

In vivo blockade of both CXCR4 and alpha(4) causes synergistic release of marrow neutrophils, showing that cross-talk between CXCR4 and VLA-4 modulates marrow retention of these cells.

Lactoferrin was found to be as capable as SDF-1 in blocking infection by an HIV variant that uses CXCR4 as a co-receptor (X4-tropic HIV), suggesting that lactoferrin interacts with CXCR4.

We found that CXCR4 also interacts with the cytoplasmic domain of CD8alpha in a way that is similar to the CD4/CXCR4 interaction.

Additionally, nuclear CXCR4 interacted with Transportinβ1 and Transportinβ1-binding to CXCR4 promoted its nuclear translocation.

Thus, from our study, it is clear that after CXCR4-BMSCs were infused into mice with bone marrow failure, SDF-1 interacted with CXCR4 receptor, leading cells to migrate and colonize to bone marrow.

Interstitial fluid flow (IFF) has been shown to increase invasion of glioma cells in vitro through the CXCR4 receptor interacting with autologous, pericellular gradients of CXCL12 (autologous chemotaxis) or through the CD44 receptor interactions with the extracellular matrix (hyaluronan-mediated mechanotransduction).

We show that zeta-chain-associated protein kinase 70 regulates CCR7/CXCR4 via activation of extracellular signal-regulated kinases.

Here, we present the synthesis of Cu(2+) and Zn(2+) acetate complexes of six cross-bridged tetraazamacrocycles to mimic their coordination interaction with the aspartate side chains known to bind them to CXCR4.

In conclusion, ZFAS1 binds with miR-548e to enhance CXCR4 expression to promote OC cell proliferation and metastasis, which also enhances cisplatin resistance\240\by suppressing let-7a and elevating BCL-XL/S protein expression.

The CXCR4 receptor antagonist plerixafor (AMD3100) is raising interest as an anti-cancer agent that disrupts the CXCL12-CXCR4 chemokine-receptor interaction between neoplastic cells and their microenvironment in tumor progression and metastasis.

WT pDCs responded to a CCR7 ligand with modest chemotaxis and ICAM-1 binding in vitro, and priming with the CCR7 ligand enabled the pDCs to migrate efficiently toward low concentrations of CXCL12 in a CXCR4-dependent manner raising the possibility that CCR7 signaling enhances CXCR4-mediated pDC migration.

However, CXCR4 is also expressed in haematopoietic cells and other normal tissues raising safety challenges to the development of anti-CXCR4 ADCs for cancer treatment.

Although 68 Ga-pentixafor and 68 Ga-NOTA-NFB have been shown to effectively image CXCR4 expression in myeloma and other systemic malignancies, imaging CXCR4 expression in brain tumors has been more limited due to the blood-brain barrier (BBB) and a considerable fraction of CXCR4 staining is intracellular.

The optimal ADC selectively eliminated CXCR4+ cancer cells in solid tumours, but showed limited toxicity to normal CXCR4+ tissues, sparing haematopoietic stem cells and progenitors.

The peptide antagonist X4-2-6, which is derived from transmembrane helix 2 and extracellular loop 1 of CXCR4 limited chemotaxis and signaling but did not promote CXCR4 accumulation on the cell surface or cause tolerance.

The present study demonstrated that UCA1 inhibition exerted an antigrowth and antimigration role in MHCC97 cells through regulating miR-301a and CXCR4 expression.

CXCL12, the only chemokine ligand of CXCR4, is secreted within the tumor microenvironment, providing sanctuary for CXCR4+ tumor cells from immune surveillance and chemotherapeutic elimination by (1) stimulating prosurvival signaling and (2) recruiting CXCR4+ immunosuppressive leukocytes.

Real-time RT-PCR, immunoblotting, and immunofluorescence showed that SDF-1α not only increased CXCR4 expression but also stimulated translocation of CXCR4 from the cytoplasm to membrane, accompanied by cytoskeletal rearrangement.

While the mutation impairs cell growth in vivo, the CXCR4 inhibitor, AMD3100 stimulated the growth of cells harboring CXCR4(G574A).

A CXCL12α-neutralizing antibody or a specific CXCR4 inhibitor strongly delays recovery from motor neuron degeneration in\240\vivo Recombinant CXCL12α in\240\vivo accelerates neurotransmission rescue upon damage and very effectively stimulates the axon growth of spinal cord motor neurons in\240\vitro These findings indicate that the CXCL12α-CXCR4 axis plays an important role in the regeneration of the neuromuscular junction after motor axon injury.

Furthermore, CXCR4-regulated microglia were recruited to sites of brain injury in a zebrafish model and CXCR4 was expressed in human stroke patients, suggesting a conserved role in damage responses to various types of brain injuries.

Significance Statement Delineating the recognized functions of ACKR3 and CXCR4 in CXCL12-signaling is central to the more detailed understanding of the role of the CXCL12-system in health and disease and will help to guide future research efforts.

Compared to 300 μM TMZ alone, both combined treatment of 300 μM TMZ plus 50 μM cinnamaldehyde or 75 μM cinnamaldehyde had significantly lowered CXCR4 expression.

We computed a z-score for each participant, with the combined z-score being the sum of each individual\s CRP and leukocyte z-scores.

Background: Zeta-Chain Associated Protein Kinase 70 kDa (ZAP-70) deficiency is a rare combined immunodeficiency (CID) caused by recessive homozygous/compound heterozygous loss-of-function mutations in the ZAP70 gene.

Consistent impairment of the CFF was seen under combined CBZ and TPR whereas VPA as well as combined CBZ and VGB led to ameliorations the mechanisms of which are discussed.

PDGF-BB treatment enhanced CXCR4, CXCR7 and PDGFR-βexpression, which may be associated with the phosphorylation of STAT3.

However, CXCR4 expression was significantly associated with pathological grades, metastatic status, and overall survival in patients with RCC.

An overrepresentation analysis of the protein class (PANTHER) identified significant fold-increases for C-C chemokine binding (GO:0019957) : CCR7, which activates B- and T-lymphocytes, 8-fold increase), XCR1 and CXCR4 (with ubiquitin as a natural ligand, 1.24-fold increase), cytokine receptor activity (GO:0005126) : IL23R receptor of the IL23 protein associated to JAK2 and STAT3, 3.4-fold increase), the TGF-receptor (PC00035) genes ACVR1C and ACVR2B (12-fold increase).

Employing state-of-the-art LA-ICP-MS instrumentation in bidirectional area scanning mode for sub-cellular imaging of MDA-MB-231 X4 cells enabled the specific binding of the CXCR4-targeting hybrid tracer to the cell membrane to be clearly demonstrated.

Our study shows that ASMCXCR4 can be recognized by the anti-CXCR4 antibodies, MEDI3185, 2 B11, and 12 G5, and that ASMCXCR4 can bind the HIV-1 glycoprotein ligand gp120, and the natural chemokine ligand SDF-1α.

KRH-3955 inhibits the binding of anti-CXCR4 monoclonal antibodies that recognize the first, second, or third extracellular loop of CXCR4.

In this study, we generated two specific monoclonal antibodies (MAbs 6 H7 and 7 D4) against human CXCR4 and found that they could recognize different antigen epitopes identified by 12 G5, a commercially available anti-CXCR4 MAb.

In addition, the MAb most commonly used to study CXCR4 expression, 12 G5 recognizes only a subpopulation of CXCR4 molecules on all primary cell types analyzed.

We also find that Zeb2 overexpression reduces the levels of CXCR4, NR4A2, and PITX3 in the developing ventral midbrain in vivo, resulting in migration and mDA differentiation defects.

CXCR4-deficient B cells show reduced localization to these CXCL12(+) perilymphatic zones, whereas CXCR5-deficient B cells preferentially localize in these regions.

Moreover, the combination treatment of sorafenib with ZA was associated with improved anti-tumor efficacy by significantly reducing vascular CXCR4 expression.

And in vitro C5b-9-induced podocyte injury model, the proliferation of podocytes was inhibited whereas CXCL12/CXCR4 and phosphorylated STAT3 (p-STAT3) were increased.

STAT3 suppression was mediated through the inactivation of Janus kinase 1/2 (JAK1, JAK2) and Src kinase in both liver cancer cell lines.

This defect was not a result of alterations in IL-2R expression but correlated with an impaired activation of the upstream kinase Jak-3, known to mediate STAT5 activation.

Janus Kinases (JAKs) mediate cytokines signaling through the Janus Kinase (JAK)/signal transducer and activator of transcription (STAT) signaling pathways.

Driver mutations involving JAK2, CALR or MPL in 90 % of patients mediate constitutive JAK-STAT signaling which, in concert with epigenetic alterations (ASXL1, DNMT3A, SRSF2, EZH2, IDH1/2 mutations), play a fundamental role in disease pathogenesis.

Unexpectedly, this abnormal phosphorylation of STAT1 in IgA1-secreting cells from patients with IgAN was not mediated by JAK, but rather involved activation of Src-family PTKs (SFKs).

STAT3 activation in the small cell but not the blastoid variant of MCL is likely mediated by JAK3.

The phosphorylation of STATs is mediated mainly by Janus kinases (JAKs).

In the IFN-alpha pathway, two receptor associated tyrosine kinases from the JAK family, Jak1 and Tyk2 mediate the activation of two latent cytoplasmic transcription factors, Stat1 and Stat2.

We also demonstrated that in these cells, STAT6 activation is mediated through JAK1 and JAK2 tyrosine kinases instead.

These findings indicate that the STAT6 phosphorylation/activation induced by IL-13 is mediated by an activation of JAK1 in cultured hBSMCs.

These findings clarify the basis for TSLP-mediated signaling and provide an example wherein a cytokine uses JAK1 and JAK2 to mediate the activation of STAT5.

These data demonstrate that constitutive activation of STAT3 in SS is not due to the loss of SHP-1, but is mediated by constitutive aberrant activation of JAK family members.

Here we show that signal transducer and activator of transcription-3 (STAT3) signaling, a cytokine signaling mediated by Janus tyrosine kinase (Jak), is active during neurogenesis in radial glia (RG) but not in basal progenitors.

The constitutive activation of STAT3 in human ovarian cancer cells appeared to be mediated by an autocrine cytokine loop involving the IL6 family of cytokines and JAK1 kinase.

In this study, we used inhibitors to block specific signaling pathways, including JAK, PI3K/Akt, and Src pathways, to explore how bFGF mediates crosstalk with STAT3 in two glioblastoma(GBM) cell lines: U251 (mutant p53) and U87 (wild-type p53).

STAT3 activation is mediated through JAK family kinases.

Expression profiling and functional studies in vitro and in vivo demonstrate that STAT3 activation is mediated by the combined action of JAK, SRC, c-ABL, and JNK kinases.

The data encourage the view that the very disparate IFN-gamma and IL-6 JAK/receptor complexes mediate a common set of generic or " core" signals which are subject to STAT3-dependent modulation to provide IL-6 specificity.

IL-7 or JAK1 gene knockdown abrogated IL-7-mediated STAT5 phosphorylation and IM resistance in vitro and in vivo Because high IL-7 levels in the BM mediate TKI resistance via BCR/ABL-independent activation of JAK1/STAT5 signaling, combining TKIs with IL-7/JAK1/STAT5 inhibition may have significant utility for managing CML.

We first demonstrated in primary human CD8+ T cells that IL-7-induced downregulation of mCD127 expression is dependent on JAK and PI3K signaling, whereas IL-7-induced sCD127 release is also mediated by STAT5.

Together, these results demonstrate that activation of Jak3 transcription during G-CSF- induced granulocytic differentiation is mediated by the combined action of Sp1 and Stat3, a mechanism also shown to be important in IL-6-induced monocytic differentiation.

These results indicate that gamma(c)-and Jak3-dependent signaling is essential for IL-4- and IL-9-induced proliferation and survival of murine mast cells, that the effects of IL-4 are mediated by type I IL-4R and that type II IL-4R is absent on mast cells, and that IL-4 phosphorylates the 65-kd isoform of Stat6 in mast cells in a gamma(c)-and Jak3-dependent manner.

Overall, this is the first study, which demonstrates that N225K and A550V PTPN6 mutations cause loss-of-function leading to JAK3 mediated deregulation of STAT3 pathway and uncovers a mechanism that tumor cells can use to control PTPN6 substrate specificity.

Tofacitinib is new agent, a selective inhibitor of Janus kinase (JAK) signaling pathways mediated by JAK1 and JAK3 and inhibits the key transcription factors STAT1 and STAT3.

The N-terminal region of SOCS5 coordinates critical protein interactions involved in inhibition of JAK/STAT signaling, and a conserved region within the N-terminus of SOCS5 mediates direct binding to the JAK kinase domain.

Janus kinases (JAKs) are intracellular non-receptor tyrosine kinases that transduce cytokine-mediated signals through a pathway mediated by JAK and the signal transducer and activator of transcription (STAT) proteins.

The lipid-activated nuclear receptor peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor delta (PPARδ) accounts for a number of properties of aggressive cancers and was found to enhance Janus kinase (JAK)-mediated phosphorylation of signal transducer and activator of transcription (STAT) proteins in B lymphoma cell lines and primary CLL cells.

These data suggest that activation of the JAK/STAT pathway is critical for the development of ANG II-induced hypertension by mediating its effects on renal sodium excretory capability, but the physiological control of blood pressure by ANG II with a low-salt diet does not require JAK2 activation.

In this study, we demonstrated that the number of CD41+ megakaryocytes increased in bleomycin (BLM)-induced lung fibrosis tissues through the Chemokine (CXCmotif) ligand 12/Chemokine receptor 4 (CXCL12/CXCR4) axis.

Fludrocortisone selectively reduced counts of naïve CD4(+), central memory CD4(+), and naïve CD8(+) T cells and increased CXCR4 expression on the naïve subsets.

CXCL12-promoted migration of CD4+ T-cells from three different mouse models of NASH was increased and dependent of CXCR4.

Stromal-derived factor-1alpha (SDF-1alpha), the high-affinity ligand of CXC-chemokine receptor 4 (CXCR4), induced a progressive increase of apoptosis when added to the Jurkat CD4+/CXCR4+ T cell line.

CD4 and CD8 T cells showed a statistically significant increase in the expression of CXCR4 during the third trimester of pregnancy.

Real-time polymerase chain reaction demonstrated significantly higher levels of CD4(+) CD28(+) and CD8(+) T-cell markers in the former root canal condition and an increase of IL-10 and CXCR4, followed by a decrease of proinflammatory cytokines such as RANKL, interferon-γ, IL-1β, and CCL5.

We probed the mechanistic basis for these findings and found that CXCR4 antagonism significantly increased the number of peripheral CD4+ and CD8+ T cells following sepsis.

Furthermore, by blocking CXCR4, expression of the cell adhesion molecules ICAM-1 and VCAM-1 was upregulated on vascular endothelial cells of the sciatic nerve, which coincided with significantly increased infiltration of the sciatic nerve by CD4+ T cells and macrophages.

These CD5(+) regulatory B cells (Breg) and CD4(+) Foxp3(+) T cells demonstrated similar increases in expression of chemokine receptors (CXCR4 and CXCR5) and co-localized in HLN B cell zones of LIT mice.

However, the affinity of CXCL12 for CXCR4 was increased in CD4+ T-cells of ob/ob mice.

Our recent results demonstrating increased chemotactic migration in response to CXCL12 in CD4(+) T cells obtained from the elderly, as compared to those from young donors, led us to hypothesize that increase in surface expression, because of altered endocytic regulation of CXCR4 on T cells during aging, might be directly responsible for increased migration toward CXCL12.

Increasing the infectious titre of CXCR4-tropic HIV increased both productive and latent infection of resting CD4+ T-cells.

Overexpression of CD4 resulted in significant restoration of the minus clones\ susceptibility to fusion in parallel with an increase in the amount of the gp120-CD4-CXCR4 complexes.

Autologous nurse-like cells establish a close contact with CD4(+) T cells and increase their activation and proliferation partially through a CXCR4-dependent mechanism.

DOC treatment affected CD44+ cell frequency in MKN-45 cell line and induced significant changes in the expression of SIRT1, CXCR4, miR-21, miR-451, and miR-34a that are implicated in stemness and chemo-radioresistance, which might offer new insights for future GC therapies.

In contrast, CXCR4 activation by X4 HIVenv induces a caspase-independent death of both uninfected CD4 and CD8 T cells and infected CD4 cells.

Persistent infection also increased LCMV-specific CD4 T cell quantity in mucosal tissues and induced maintenance of CXCR4, an HIV coreceptor.

SHIV(DH12R-Clone 7), like other highly pathogenic CXCR4-tropic SHIVs induces rapid and complete depletions of CD4+ T lymphocytes and immunodeficiency in infected animals.

It is suggest that SDF-1α acts through CXCR4 to induce ovarian cancer cell migration, which could be facilitated by CD40 activation.

We report that, in unstimulated human primary CD4(+) T cells, the spectrum of signaling responses induced by gp120 through CXCR4 paralleled that induced by the natural ligand stromal cell-derived factor 1/CXCL12.

The HIV-1 Nef protein was analyzed for apoptotic structural motifs that interact with the CXCR4 receptor and induce apoptosis in CD4(+) lymphocytes.

Based on these findings, we propose a hypothetical model in which the dual function of CXCR4 in HIV-1 infection and in lymphocyte trafficking may cooperatively induce progressive HIV-1 infection and CD4+ T cell decline in patients.

NB325 also inhibited chemotaxis of CD4(+) T lymphocytes induced by the CXCR4 ligand CXCL12.

Expression of the GBV-C nonstructural phosphoprotein 5 A (NS5A) decreases surface levels of the HIV co-receptor CXCR4 induces the release of SDF-1 and inhibits HIV replication in Jurkat CD4+ T cell lines.

Previous work has shown that IL-16/CD4 induces desensitization of both CCR5- and CXCR4-induced migration, with no apparent effect on CCR2b or CCR3.

Using murine T cell hybridomas transfected to express native or mutated forms of CD4, it was determined that IL-16/CD4 induces a p56(lck)-dependent inhibitory signal for CXCR4, which is independent of its tyrosine catalytic activity.

We found that CD44 binds directly to HER2, which up-regulates the expression of metastasis-associated protein-1 induces deacetylation of histone H3 lysine 9, and suppresses transcription of microRNA139 (miR-139) to inhibit expression of its target gene, C-X-C chemokine receptor type 4 (CXCR4).

In response to IFN-γ or activated NK/LAK cells, the CXCR4(+) mCSCs could be only induced from the CSCs, which were harbored in the highly tumorigenic CD44(high)/CD24(low) F subset.

Binding to the primary receptor CD4 induces conformational changes in the human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) gp120 envelope glycoprotein that allow binding to the coreceptor (CCR5 or CXCR4) and ultimately trigger viral membrane-cell membrane fusion mediated by the gp41 transmembrane envelope glycoprotein.

Small-molecule CD4-mimetic compounds engage the CD4-binding pocket on the gp120 exterior Env and induce Env conformations that are highly sensitive to neutralization by antibodies, including antibodies directed against the conserved Env region that interacts with CCR5/CXCR4.

Stromal-derived factor-1alpha (SDF-1alpha), the high-affinity ligand of CXC-chemokine receptor 4 (CXCR4)  induced a progressive increase of apoptosis when added to the Jurkat CD4+/CXCR4+ T cell line.

CXCR4 expression could also be induced through an alternative pathway, following coculture of these cells with CD40-activated, autologous, CD34+ progenitor-derived dendritic cells.

These data demonstrate that unlike HIV-1, HHV-6 and HHV-7 infections do not require expression of CXCR4 or CCR5, whereas marked down-regulation of CXCR4 is induced by these viruses, suggesting that HHV-6 and HHV-7 infections may render CD4+ T lymphocytes resistant to T lymphocyte-tropic HIV-1 infection.

Pharmacological inhibition of the CXCL12/CXCR4 axis with WZ811 prevented migration of CD41+ megakaryocytes induced by BLM-injured lung tissue ex vivo and in vivo.

It acts as post-attachment inhibitor by binding CD4 2 nd domain of T lymphocyte and preventing HIV connection to CCR5 or CXCR4 and has been recently approved by Food and Drug Administration in the United States of America as a new intravenous antiretroviral agent for heavily treated HIV adults with multi-drug resistant infection.

In fact, in vivo CXCR4 antagonism prevents bone marrow colonization by such CD4+CD8+ cells in young Notch3 transgenic mice.

Therefore, our data suggest that combined therapies precociously counteracting intrathymic Notch3/CXCR4 crosstalk may prevent dissemination of " pre-leukemic" CD4+CD8+ cells, by a " thymus-autonomous" mechanism.

The interaction of sgp120IIIB or sgp120MN with CXCR4 was inhibited by neutralizing monoclonal antibodies that prevent the sgp120-CD4 interaction but also by antibodies specific for the gp120 V2 and V3 loops, the CD4-induced epitope and the 2 G12 epitope, which interfere weakly or not at all with CD4-sgp120 binding.

We show that miR-146a upregulation by AMD3100 treatment or PLZF silencing, decreases CXCR4 protein expression and prevents HIV-1 infection of leukemic monocytic cell line and CD4(+) T lymphocytes.

In this study, we established that the combined extract from Astragalus membranaceus and Curcuma zedoaria (HQEZ) decreased the metastasis ability in colorectal cancer cells (HCT116, a cell line of colorectal carcinoma established from Homo sapiens) in vitro, and the treatment induced the downregulation of EMT signal and decreased CXCR4 expression and the level of β-catenin.

We have also shown that SEMA-3A consistently down-regulates CXCR4 membrane expression in all CD4/CD8-defined thymocyte subsets, and this down-regulation is accompanied by a decrease in the phosphorylation of FAK and ZAP-70 protein kinases.

However, CPZ intoxicated TNFR2-/- mice exhibit loss of up-regulation of CXCL12 in astrocytes with concomitant decreases in numbers of CXCR4+ NG2+ OPCs within the CC.

Moreover, in vitro inhibition of the CXCR4 signaling significantly decreased the U87MG-SVZ cell migration in response to the SVZ-CM.

Therefore, we evaluated the effects of Phα1β, ω-conotoxin MVIIA, and AMD3100 in a model of streptozotocin (STZ)-induced PDN in rodents and naïve model of rats with the activation of the CXCR4/stromal cell-derived factor 1 (SDF-1) signal.

Freshly isolated B cells were cultured with exogenous interleukin 21 (IL-21) in the presence or absence of CD40 ligand (CD40L) plus anti-IgM antibody (aIgM), and changes in CXCR4 expression were detected.

CD4+ T cells from healthy volunteers were examined for changes in CXCR4 and CCR5 levels.

The present study was initiated in two R5 SHIV(SF162P3N)-infected rapid progressor macaques with coreceptor switch to test the hypothesis that an early step in the evolution of tropism switch is the adoption of a less constrained and more " open" envelope conformation for better CD4 usage, allowing greater structural flexibility to accommodate further mutational changes that confer CXCR4 utilization.

During HIV-1 entry, binding of the viral envelope glycoprotein gp120 to the cellular CD4 receptor triggers conformational changes resulting in exposure of new epitopes, the highly conserved CD4-induced (CD4i) epitopes that are essential for subsequent binding to chemokine receptor CCR5 or CXCR4.

During HIV-1 entry, binding of the gp120 Env to the initial receptor, CD4, triggers conformational changes in Env that result in the formation and exposure of the highly conserved gp120 site for interaction with the coreceptors, CCR5 and CXCR4.

Binding of gp120 to the receptor, CD4 changes the Env conformation to promote gp120 interaction with the second receptor, CCR5 or CXCR4.

HIV-1 infection is initiated by the interaction of the envelope glycoprotein gp120 with the cellular receptor CD4 that triggers conformational changes in gp120 necessary for subsequent interaction with a coreceptor CCR5 (or CXCR4).

Subsequent interaction of the envelope protein (Env) with the CD4 receptor causes conformational changes that enable Env to interact with a coreceptor, generally the chemokine receptors CCR5 or CXCR4.

Because the binding of HIV-1 envelope to CD4 initiates a configurational change in glycoprotein 120 (gp120), enabling it to interact with fusion coreceptors, we investigated how this process interferes with the expression and function of CXC chemokine receptor 4 (CXCR4) in CD4+ T lymphocytes.

Upon binding to CD4, the human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) envelope glycoprotein gp120 undergoes conformational changes that facilitate subsequent interactions with the chemokine coreceptor CXCR4 on the T cells.

Conversely, gp120IIIB (monomeric or oligomeric, in presence or absence of soluble CD4) did not change CXCR4 membrane levels.

Moreover, it also down regulated the expression of VEGFR2, VEGFR3, CD34, PLCγ, Akt, MMP2, MMP9, and CXCR4, and suppressed the expression of EphrinB2 and its PDZ protein, PICK1, in Bel-7402 cells.

We then identified seven common hub genes via three methods, including CXCL10, CCL21, CCR2, CXCR4, TLR4, NPY1R, and GALR2 related to CIPN status, severity and sensitivity.

Taken together, our findings define a new medulloblastoma subgroup characterized by a functional interaction between the SHH and CXCR4 pathways, and they provide a rationale to clinically evaluate combined inhibition of SHH and CXCR4 for medulloblastoma treatment.

Dextrin modified 1.8 \240\k PEI with CM-end was prepared to deliver therapeutic miR-34a (named DPC/miR-34a) for efficient anti-metastasis by downregulating adhesion protein CD44 and targeting the CXCR4/SDF-1 axis.

These results indicate that progesterone treatment can inhibit mechanisms underlying HIV-1 transmission, including infection of CD4+ target cells via CXCR4/CCR5 coreceptors and effects on chemokine-mediated recruitment of lymphocytes and monocytes to mucosal epithelia.

In the presence of monocyte-derived macrophages, CXCR4-mediated apoptosis targeted mostly CD8(+) T cells, with CD4(+) T cells being more weakly affected.

Here, we report that human CD4(+) T-cells derived from transplanted HSPC engineered to co-express shRNAs targeting CCR5 and HIV-1 LTR are resistant to CCR5- and CXCR4- tropic HIV-1-mediated depletion in vivo.

To genetically engineer HIV-1 resistance in CD4(+) T cells, we assessed whether transient, adenovirus delivered zinc-finger nuclease (ZFN) disruption of genomic cxcr4 or stable lentiviral expression of short hairpin RNAs (shRNAs) targeting CXCR4 mRNAs provides durable resistance to HIV-1 challenge.

The great majority of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) strains enter CD4+ target cells by interacting with one of two coreceptors, CCR5 or CXCR4.

Here we present evidence that (i) CV-N impairs both CD4-dependent and CD4-independent binding of sgp120 to the target cells, (ii) CV-N blocks the sCD4-induced binding of sgp120 with cell-associated coreceptor CXCR4, and (iii) CV-N dissociates bound sgp120 from target cells.

The different levels of coreceptor expression on CD4+ cells in the various organs may directly affect the targeting of CXCR4- and CCR5-tropic strains of HIV toward different fetal lymphoid tissues during in utero infection.

Isolates of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) are classified according to the chemokine receptor (coreceptor) used in conjunction with CD4 to target and enter cells: viruses using CCR5 and CXCR4 are classified as R5 and X4, respectively.

High HO-1 expression in BMSCs can promote the phosphorylation of the JAK2/STAT3 pathway, thereby increasing secretion of SDF-1 in BMSCs and activating CXCL12/CXCR4 signaling.

Subsequently, we studied a potential role of the SDF-1-CXCR4 axis in HCC and noticed that SDF-1 (i) chemoattracted HCC cells, (ii) enhanced their scattering, (iii) stimulated nuclear localization of beta-catenins and upregulated their target gene cyclin D1 and (iv) at the molecular level induced calcium flux and activated RAS-MAPK, PI3-AKT and JAK-STAT pathways.

STATEMENT OF SIGNIFICANCE: Several human pro-apoptotic peptides (namely BAK, BAX and PUMA) have been engineered as self-assembling protein nanoparticles targeted to the tumoral marker CXCR4.

This destabilization is significantly enhanced by the coreceptor CCR5, not by CXCR4 or fusion inhibitors, which suggests that it is directly related to a conformational change in the gp120-CD4 bond.

653 cell line expresses molecules associated with T cell interaction (CD40(low), CD80(low)), as well as antigens related to plasma cell phenotype (CD138(high), CD184(low)).

CXCR4 (C-X-C motif receptor 4) also is a CSC marker and with its ligand, stromal-derived factor (SDF)-1 alpha has been shown to act in concert with CD44 to promote cancer cell invasion.

In addition, this CXCR4-SDF-1 receptor system has a function in the development, progression, and spread of various cancers (3), and CXCR4 acts as a co-receptor for human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) on CD4+ T cells (4).

In addition, this CXCR4/SDF-1 receptor system has a function in the development, progression, and spread of various cancers (3), and the CXCR4 acts as a co-receptor for human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) on CD4+ T cells (4).

In addition, this CXCR4-SDF-1 receptor system has a function in the development, progression, and spread of various cancers (3), and the CXCR4 acts as a co-receptor for human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) on CD4+ T cells (4).

CXCR4 acts as a coreceptor for syncytium-inducing human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) strains, conferring entry into CD4+ cells.

In addition, these receptor–ligand pairs have a major role in the development, progression, and spread of various cancers (3), and the CXCR4 acts as a co-receptor to facilitate entry of the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) into CD4+ cells (4).

The chemokine receptors CCR5 and CXCR4, which act as co-receptors along with CD4 for HIV docking and entry, are down-modulated by their respective ligands, MIP-1beta/SDF-1alpha or by the HIV envelope protein, gp120.

The chemokine receptors CCR5 and CXCR4 act synergistically with CD4 in an ordered multistep mechanism to allow the binding and entry of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1).

CXCR4, a seven transmembrane domain G-protein-coupled receptor for the Cys-X-Cys class of chemokines, is one of several chemokine receptors that can act as a co-receptor with CD4 for the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV-1) glycoprotein gp120 [ 1-3 ].

Recent findings have shown that the expression of the seven trans-membrane G-protein-coupled CXCR4 (the receptor for the stromal cell-derived factor [ SDF]-1 chemokine) is necessary for the entry of T-lymphotropic human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) strains acting as a coreceptor of the CD4 molecule.

The chemokine receptors CXCR4 and CCR5 have recently been shown to act as coreceptors, in concert with CD4, for human immunodeficiency virus-type 1 (HIV-1) infection.

CXCR4 also acts as a co-receptor for entry of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) in CD4(+) T cells.

In addition, CXCR4 acts as a co-receptor along with CD4 for the HIV-1 viral glycoprotein gp120.

In addition, this receptor–ligand pair has a function in the development, progression, and spread of various cancers (3), and the CXCR4 acts as a co-receptor to facilitate entry of the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) into CD4+ cells (4).

In addition, this receptor–ligand pair has a function in the development, progression, and spread of various cancers (4), and the CXCR4 acts as a co-receptor to facilitate entry of the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) into CD4+ cells (5).

TMZ administration over ten days promoted cellular dormancy entry, whereas discontinuing TMZ for a further 15 days resulted in resumption of proliferation.

We show that sera and IgG from JEV-vaccinated humans and JEV-inoculated mice cross-reacted with ZIKV, exacerbated lethal ZIKV infection upon transfer to mice, and promoted viral replication and mortality upon ZIKV infection of the neonates born to immune mothers.

The β-Catenin (CTNNB1) luciferase assays showed that the ZNF24 mutants defective in nuclear localization could not promote CTNNB1 promoter activation as the wild-type ZNF24 did.

The results of this study suggest that the Chriz protein promotes the recruitment of the Z4 protein to chromatin.

In this study, we aimed to evaluate the role of CXCL12/CXCR4 in mediating the TMZ resistance to GBM cells and explore the underlying mechanisms.

We conclude that MIF promotes the migration of B cells through a ZAP-70-dependent pathway mediated by cooperative engagement of CXCR4 and CD74.

In zebrafish, action of the chemokine Cxcl12 is mediated through its G-protein-coupled seven-transmembrane domain receptor Cxcr4 and the atypical receptor Cxcr7.

We found that the CXCL12/CXCR4 axis enhanced TMZ resistance in GBM cells.

We conclude that ZAP-70 enhances the migration of malignant B-cells into the supportive microenvironment found in the bone marrow mainly by enhancing signaling and migration after CXCR4 stimulation.

In vitro and in vivo evaluation of 89 Zr-CXCR4-mAb showed enhanced uptake in NSCLC xenografts with a high expression of CXCR4.

An overrepresentation analysis of the protein class (PANTHER) identified significant fold-increases for C-C chemokine binding (GO:0019957) : CCR7, which activates B- and T-lymphocytes, 8-fold increase), XCR1 and CXCR4 (with ubiquitin as a natural ligand, 1.24-fold increase), cytokine receptor activity (GO:0005126) : IL23R receptor of the IL23 protein, associated to JAK2 and STAT3, 3.4-fold increase), the TGF-receptor (PC00035) genes ACVR1C and ACVR2B (12-fold increase).

whilst increasing phosphorylation of STAT-3 using a constitutive active STAT-3 vector significantly increased CXCR4 levels.

Under differentiation state, Q3GA promotes NSC migration, along with increased mRNA expression of CXCR4.

After SDF-1alpha binding, JAK2 and JAK3 associate with CXCR4 and are activated, probably by transphosphorylation, in a Galpha(i)-independent manner.

Furthermore, we co-immunoprecipitated HEPIS with BTF3, a component of the RNA pol II initiation complex, and observed reduced proliferation of HeLa cells transfected with the HEPIS gene.

Angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2), the C-type lectin CD209L (also known L-SIGN), and DC-SIGN bind SARS-CoV, but ACE2 appears to be the key functional receptor for the virus.

A shockingly common enrichment of viral infection pathways was found among ACE2 anti-expressed genes, and multiple binding sites of virus infection related transcription factors and sex hormone receptors locate at ACE2 regulatory regions.

Fourth, a minimal insert region (amino acids 310 to 518) was found to be sufficient to convert the SL-CoV S from non-ACE2 binding to human ACE2 binding, indicating that the SL-CoV S is largely compatible with SARS-CoV S protein both in structure and in function.

We conclude that HNF1α can induce the expression of ACE2 in pancreatic islet cells via evolutionarily conserved HNF1 binding sites in the ACE2 promoter.

In 3 T3-L1 adipocytes, E2 promoted ACE2 mRNA abundance through effects at estrogen receptor-α (ERα) and resulted in ERα-mediated binding at the ACE2 promoter.

The structure reveals CV30\s epitope overlaps with the human ACE2 receptor binding site thus providing the structural basis for its neutralization by preventing ACE2 binding.

ACE1/ACE2 imbalance occurs due to the binding of SARS-CoV-2 to ACE2, reducing ACE2-mediated conversion of Ang II to Ang peptides that counteract pathophysiological effects of ACE1-generated ANG II.

Most ACE2 variants showed a similar binding affinity for SARS-CoV-2 spike protein as observed in the complex structure of wild-type ACE2 and SARS-CoV-2 spike protein.

Here, we present cryo-electron microscopy structures of full-length human ACE2 in the presence of the neutral amino acid transporter B0AT1 with or without the receptor binding domain (RBD) of the surface spike glycoprotein (S protein) of SARS-CoV-2, both at an overall resolution of 2.9 angstroms, with a local resolution of 3.5 angstroms at the ACE2-RBD interface.

Crystal structures of each nanobody-RBD complex revealed how both nanobodies recognize the same epitope, which partly overlaps with the ACE2 binding surface, explaining the blocking of the RBD-ACE2 interaction.

To understand the compatibility of this mechanism with ACE2-receptor interactions, we carried out binding measurements and determined cryo-EM structures of the spike recognizing up to three ACE2 molecules at both physiological and endosomal pH.

Five mutations drawn from ACE2 orthologs of nine Rhinolophus species enhanced human ACE2 binding to the SARS-CoV-2 RBD and neutralization of SARS-CoV-2 by an immunoadhesin form of human ACE2 (ACE2-Fc).

These include the different levels of the ubiquitously present human angiotensin I converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) receptors gene expression and its variant alleles, the different binding affinities of ACE2 to the virus spike (S) protein given its L- and S-subtypes and the subsequent extent of innate immunity-related hypercytokinemia.

Structural comparisons allowed classification into categories: (1) VH3-53 hNAbs with short CDRH3s that block ACE2 and bind only to up RBDs, (2) ACE2-blocking hNAbs that bind both up and down RBDs and can contact adjacent RBDs, (3) hNAbs that bind outside the ACE2 site and recognize up and down RBDs, and (4) Previously-described antibodies that do not block ACE2 and bind only up RBDs 9.

Inactivation of ACE2 following binding of SARS-CoV-2 S protein to ACE2-R in situ might blunt ACE2-moderating effects upon ACE CNS neurotoxicity and neurodegeneration.

All tested bat SARSr-CoV spike proteins had a higher binding affinity to human ACE2 than to bat ACE2, although they showed a 10-fold lower binding affinity to human ACE2 compared with their SARS-CoV counterpart.

We reviewed the most recent evidence regarding ACE2 distribution and action, the binding mechanism of COVID-19 and its correlation to cellular injury, ACE2 polymorphisms and its association to fatal COVID-19 and susceptibility and, finally, current ACE2-based pharmacotherapies against COVID-19.

CD44+CD24- CSCs expressed higher levels of NKG2D ligands ULBP1, ULBP2 and MICA.

Two CTL clones, clone JS-93 (CD3+ CD4+ CD8-) and clone JS-102 (CD3+ CD4- CD8+) expressed high levels of p15095 and were shown to be specifically directed against HLA-DR and HLA-A2, respectively.

We designed and evaluated in HLA-class I transgenic mouse models a hepatitis C virus (HCV) T cell-based MVA vectored vaccine expressing three viral antigens known to be targets of potent CD8+- and CD4+-mediated responses.

Using tissue microarrays of DSRCT and synovial sarcoma tumor samples, we detected tumoral HLA-A/B/C, beta-2-microglobulin(B2M), and PD-L1 expression, and quantified tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes expressing CD4, CD8, CD56, CD45RO, or FOXP3 by immunohistochemistry.

Increased proportions of NK and CD4 T cells expressed KIR3DL2 in HLA-B,27:05+ AS patients compared with HLA-B,27:05+, HLA-B,27:09+ and HLA-B27- healthy controls.

Under steady-state conditions, the midbrain presented a high immune-alert state characterized by the presence of two unique microglial subpopulations, one expressing the major histocompatibility complex class II (MHC-II) and acting as antigen-presenting cells and another expressing the toll-like receptor 4 (TLR4), and by the presence of a higher proportion of infiltrating CD4+ T cells.

The human cluster determinant 4 (CD4)  expressed primarily on the surface of T helper cells, serves as a coreceptor in T-cell receptor recognition of MHC II antigen complexes.

MHC class II (MHC-II) molecules function by binding peptides derived from either self or foreign proteins and expressing these peptides on the surface of antigen presenting cells (APCs) for recognition by CD4 T cells.

Peptide vaccination of mice devoid of mouse MHC and transgenic for human MHC class I and II with IDH1(R132H) p123-142 results in an effective MHC class II-restricted mutation-specific antitumour immune response and control of pre-established syngeneic IDH1(R132H)-expressing tumours in a CD4(+) T-cell-dependent manner.

The majority of CD4+ TCL were CD45+ expressed low class II MHC, and exhibited an aggressive clinical course independent of treatment regimen (median survival, 159 \240\days).

Using reaggregated thymic organ culture and bone marrow chimeras, we demonstrate that positive selection of mouse iVα19 transgenic and Vβ6 transgenic MAIT cell progenitors requires MHC-related 1-expressing CD4(+) CD8(+) double positive thymocytes, whereas thymic B cells, macrophages, and dendritic cell subsets are dispensable.

In addition, minor αβT cells bearing invariant TCRs, NKT cells, and mucosal-associated invariant T cells are selected via MHC-like molecules, CD1d, and MR1 complexed with nonpeptide Ags, respectively, parts of which express neither CD4 nor CD8.

CD4 is a transmembrane glycoprotein of the immunoglobulin superfamily expressed on developing thymocytes, major histocompatibility class II (class II MHC) restricted mature T lymphocytes and, in humans, on cells of the macrophage/monocyte lineage.

Employing a fluorescence-activated cell sorter, DC, identified by the absence of membrane markers for T, B, natural killer (NK) and monocytic cells and by high levels of MHC class II DR antigen, were shown to express low levels of CD4.

CD4, a cell-surface glycoprotein expressed on a subpopulation of T cells, is the receptor for class II molecules of the major histocompatibility complex (MHC II) and a receptor for the envelope glycoprotein (gp 120) of human immunodeficiency virus-1 (HIV-1).

CD4 is a glycoprotein that is expressed on the surface of a variety of cells of the immune system and is believed to participate in the interactions of these cells with antigen-presenting cells bearing the class II major histocompatibility (MHC) antigens.

Both murine CD8+ and CD4+ T cells expressing hCD8 transgenes exhibited markedly enhanced responses to foreign HLA class I, revealing the ability of T cell receptor repertoires selected on either murine class I or class II to recognize human class I major histocompatibility complex (MHC).

However, when the TCR transgenic mouse was developed with a HLA-A2 background, the transgenic TCR was primarily expressed by CD3(+) CD4(-) CD8(-) double-negative T cells.

In addition, Gp120-Texo vaccine also induces Gp120-specific preventive, therapeutic (for 6 day tumor lung metastasis) and CD4(+) T cell-independent long-term immunity against B16 melanoma BL6-10(Gp120/A2Kb) expressing both Gp120 and A2Kb (α1 and α2 domains of HLA-A2 and α3 domain of H-2K(b)) in Tg HLA-A2 mice.

The mAb Foxp3-#32 selectively recognizes CD4\240\+\240\CD25\240\+\240\CD127low and Foxp3\240\+\240\Tregs also expressing HLA-A,02:01 and depletes these cells via antibody-mediated cellular cytotoxicity.

Here, using CD4(+) and CD8(+) T cells that had been gene modified with a retroviral vector expressing HLA-A,24:02-restricted and Wilms\ tumor 1 (WT1)-specific TCR-α/β genes and siRNAs for endogenous TCRs (WT1-siTCR/CD4(+) T cells and WT1-siTCR/CD8(+) T cells), we examined the utility of this strategy.

In the HLA-B27-transgenic rat model of spondylarthropathy, mature B27 molecules expressed by DCs impair the formation of an antigen-independent immunologic synapse with naive CD4+ T cells by interfering with the engagement of costimulatory molecules.

The presence of CD4+ T cells is required, and antigen presenting cells (APC) expressing high levels of HLA-B27 likely play an important role.

Interestingly, three of the CD4+ T-cell lines only responded to cells expressing HLA-B27, irrespective of their restricting allele, implicating HLA-B27 as a possible source of peptides presented by the stimulatory MHC class I alleles.

Thus, we characterize flucloxacillin-responsive CD4+ and CD8+ T cells from patients with liver injury and show that naive CD45RA+CD8+ T cells from volunteers expressing HLA-B,57:01 are activated with flucloxacillin when dendritic cells present the drug antigen.

Among the C-clade-infected individuals, we show that HLA-B,52:01 is the most protective of all the HLA-B alleles expressed in the Indian cohort and is associated with the highest absolute CD4 counts.

The anti-tumor response also relied on direct CD4 T cell recognition as only tumors expressing MHC-II were rejected.

BALB/c mice, making a CD4+ Th2 (IL-4+) cell response express both MHC class II antigens (IA(d), IE(d)) and are atherosclerosis-resistant.

As evaluated by FACS, the major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class I chain-related protein A (MICA) was the ligand expressed earlier on both CD4(+) and CD8(+) T cells in 90 % of the donors tested, while UL16-binding protein-1 (ULBP) 1, ULBP2, and ULBP3 were induced at later times in 55 %-75 % of the donors.

We demonstrated that MICA is expressed in endothelial cells, keratinocyes and monocytes, but not in CD4+, CD8+ or CD19+ lymphocytes.

However, NKG2D-ligand (major histocompatibility complex class I chain-related molecule A/B (MICA/B)) was preferentially expressed by HBV-specific CD4+ T cells of CHB patients, making these cells a potential target to NKG2D-dependent CD8+CD28- T-cell killing.

In muscle biopsy specimens from PM patients expression of the NKG2D ligand MICA/B was upregulated, IL-15 was expressed by muscle cells, CD68+ macrophages as well as CD4+ T cells, and CD8+NKG2D+ cells were frequently detected within inflammatory infiltrates arguing for a local signaling circuit in the inflammatory muscle milieu.

Conventional CD4 and CD8 T cells express the αβ TCR and recognize peptide antigens in the context of MHC presentation.

Here we show that spontaneous and immunotherapy-induced anti-tumour responses require the activity of both tumour-antigen-specific CD8+ and CD4+ T cells, even in tumours that do not express major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class II molecules.

These CD11c+ MHC II+ cells expressed CD80, CD86, CD14, and CD40, but not CD205, PD-L1, or CTLA4.

We here show that human CD4 T cells engineered to express MHC class I-restricted human melanoma associated epitope, MART-127-35, specific T cell receptor (TCR), that can simultaneously exhibit helper as well as cytolytic effector functions (Chhabra et al.

Major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class II molecules are expressed by antigen-presenting cells and stimulate CD4(+) T cells, which initiate humoral immune responses.

Class I MHC-restricted T cell-associated molecule (CRTAM) is expressed on activated iNKT, CD8(+), and CD4(+) T cells, and it is associated with the pro-inflammatory profiles of these cells.

Antigenic peptide-loaded MHC class II molecules (peptide-MHC class II) are constitutively expressed on the surface of professional antigen-presenting cells (APCs), including dendritic cells, B cells, macrophages and thymic epithelial cells, and are presented to antigen-specific CD4(+) T cells.

MHC-I antigens were expressed in the sarcolemma and/or sarcoplasm in 79.4 % of PM cases, 62.5 % of DM cases, and 27.6 % of controls (CD4 expression was observed in 76.5 %, 75 %, and 13.8 %, respectively).

Class-I MHC-restricted T cell-associated molecule (CRTAM) is a protein expressed by activated natural killer T (NKT) cells, natural killer (NK) cells, CD8 T cells, and certain CD4 T lymphocytes.

Furthermore, although the itk(-/-) innate PLZF(+) CD4(+) T cells express αβ TCRs, neither β2-microglobulin-dependent MHC class I nor any MHC class II molecules are required for their development.

Most importantly, the acetylated peptide-reactive CD4 HTLs recognized the corresponding naturally processed posttranslational modified epitope presented by either dendritic cells loaded with tumor cell lysates or directly on tumors expressing p53 and the restricting MHC class II molecules.

Finally, we demonstrated that these NY-ESO-1 antigen-specific CD4(+) T cell lines directly lysed autologous melanoma cell lines expressing NY-ESO-1 in an MHC class II restricted manner.

Both thymic and peripheral generation of Treg cells depends on recognition of peptide/MHC ligands by the T-cell receptors (TCR) expressed on thymic Treg precursors or peripheral conventional CD4+ T cells.

Conclusion These results demonstrate the safety and efficacy of administering autologous CD4+ T cells that are genetically engineered to express an MHC class II-restricted antitumor TCR that targets MAGE-A3.

The results of the study indicate an increase in the percentage of CD3+ CD4+ and CD3+ CD8+ T lymphocytes, CD25+ T cells, and cells expressing MHC class II molecules, and in the concentration of ceruloplasmin, activity of superoxide dismutase and the concentration of IL-2 in the groups that received copper, particularly copper-glycine chelates.

We identified significantly larger populations of CD4+ and CD4- CD8- (double negative, DN) TCRβ+ cells expressing NKG2D or NKG2A/C/E in Jα18-/- MHCII-/- mice compared with CD1d-/- MHCII-/- mice, suggesting that 30 %-50 % of these cells were type II NKT cells.

This problem was studied here by transferring TCR transgenic CD4 T\240\cells into recipient mice that constitutively express a cognate self-antigen linked to MHC II on CD11c-bearing cells.

Both macrophages and activated CD4+ T cells can be productively infected by HIV-1, and both cell types express MHC class II molecules.

DC from both sources were isolated by digestion with collagenase, disruption of cellular complexes with a chelating agent, selection of light density cells, immunomagnetic bead depletion of other cell types (without depletion with anti-CD4 or anti-CD8) and finally sorting for cells expressing high levels of class II MHC.

Upon activation, CD4+ T cells, the primary target of HIV infection express the class II transcriptional activator (CIITA) and therefore the MHC class II isotype, HLA-DR.

Follicular dendritic cells (FDC), B lymphocytes, antigen-presenting cells like macrophages, and activated CD4(+) T cells are abundant in lymphoid tissues, and all express substantial levels of the HLA-DR determinant of the major histocompatibility complex class II (MHC-II).

The combination therapy significantly attenuated progression of UC by decreasing incidence of diarrhea, rectal bleeding, weight loss, IL-13, IL-6, TNF-α, STAT-3, caspase-3, and MPO activity and significantly increased IL-10, ZO-1, colon length, and GSH content, and these effects were more superior to single drugs.

Additionally, we provide evidence that IL-21-mediated JAK/STAT signals regulate increase in the Zta expression.

Increased expression and activation of JAK2 when ZIP is inhibited lead to increased STAT3 phosphorylation and increased resistance to tamoxifen, both in cell culture experiments and in a mouse xenograft model.

The expression of signal transduction and transcriptional activator 3 (STAT3) protein as well as phosphorylated STAT3 (p-STAT3) were detected by western blot.

Sequential formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded tissue sections from 8 CVUE placentas and 10 control placentas were stained by immunohistochemistry with antibodies for CD3, CD4, CD8, CD20, CD25, FOXP3, CD56, CD68, HLA-DR, STAT-1, and phosphorylated STAT-1 [ P-(Y701)-STAT-1].

Lymph node biopsies, in which both total STAT3 and phosphorylated STAT3 were down-regulated by HDI, were probed with STAT5, FOXP3, CD4, and interleukin 17 (IL-17) with immunohistochemistry and/or immunofluorescence techniques.

The amounts of STAT-1 and phosphorylated STAT-1 proteins in the infected Molt-4 cells were significantly less than those in uninfected cultures, suggesting the possibility of defect in interferon-gamma signaling.

We determined that IL-17A-induced VEGF upregulation and neovascularization through a Stat3-mediated signaling pathway and hypothesized that blocking the Stat3 activation by using JSI-124, an inhibitor of phosphorylated Stat3, could significantly reduce the VEGF expression and can thus prevent angiogenesis.

CD4+ T cells from p53-/- mice decreased the activity of STAT-5, lowered the level of phosphorylated STAT-5, and compromised Treg cell differentiation.

Hematoxylin and eosin slides were examined for the histological grades, and immunohistochemical analysis was carried out using antibodies against CD68 (pan-MΦ), CD80 (M1 MΦ), CD163 (M2 MΦ), CD4 (helper T cells: Th), CD8 (cytotoxic T cells), CXCR3, CCR5 (Th1), CCR4 (Th2), signal transducer and activator of transcription (STAT1)  phosphorylated STAT1 (pSTAT1) and chemokine CXCL9.

The phosphorylated activation of STAT5 was suppressed significantly in groups I, II, and III, whereas the phosphorylated activation of STAT3 was suppressed only in group I.

Western blot assay showed the protein expression of STAT3, JAK, JAK2 phosphorylated STAT3, phosphorylated JAK1 and phosphorylated JAK2 decreased, while that of SOCS-1 and SOCS-3 increased in HL-60 cells after DAC treatment.

However, STAT1 and STAT5, which also exist in a constitutively phosphorylated state in v-src-transformed 32 Dcl3 cells, do not coimmunoprecipitate with v-Src, suggesting that these proteins either interact weakly with v-Src or are phosphorylated by a mechanism distinctive from that of STAT3.

The results showed that stimulation with IL-2 resulted in increased mRNA and protein expression of STAT 5 a phosphorylated STAT 5, JAK 3, and phosphorylated JAK 3.

More importantly, we verified that FUS interacted with both\240\ITIH4-AS1 and STAT3, and that ITIH4-AS1 evoked nuclear translocation of phosphorylated (p)-STAT3 in CRC through recruiting FUS.

Inhibiting or knockdown of Jagged1 expression could not only reduce its capacity of migration and invasion but also reverse EMT and down-regulate the expression of serine 727-phosphorylated STAT3 (pS727) at the protein level but not total STAT3 or tyrosine 705-phosphorylated STAT3 (pY705) in C13K cells.

In the ZHONGL-CS group, the expressions of JAK2, STAT1, and STAT3 mRNA and the levels of phosphorylated JAK2, STAT1, and STAT3 proteins were reduced.

Although previous studies have reported the expression of JAK1, STAT3, and phosphorylated STAT3 in hypertrophied ligamentum flavum (LF), the role of the Janus kinase-signal transducer and activator of transcription (JAK/STAT) signaling pathway in hypertrophied LF has not been fully elucidated.

Western blot for STAT6 phosphorylated STAT6 (pSTAT6), Janus Kinase (Jak) 1 and Jak3 was performed.

Immunoblot analyses confirmed that cytoplasmic STAT3 was heavily phosphorylated on tyrosine in IL-2-stimulated cells, and that phosphorylated STAT3 appeared in the nuclei of these cells.

However, C28/I2 chondrocytes treated with rhIL-6 caused STAT1, STAT3, and STAT5 to be phosphorylated without altering total unphosphorylated STAT proteins.

The inhibition of STAT-3 activation by curcumin was reversible, and phosphorylated STAT-3 levels returned to control levels 24 h after curcumin removal.

OBJECTIVES\240\\240\ \240\The aim of the study was to analyze the immunoexpression levels of 3 STAT proteins: STAT3, STAT5, and STAT6 in their phosphorylated forms (pSTATs), STAT inhibitors PIAS3 and SOCS3, and additionally cyclooxygenase 2 (COX‑2), as potential diagnostic and prognostic markers in lung cancer.

As STAT3 is tyrosine phosphorylated by JAK1/2 tyrosine kinases downstream of OSMR:gp130, we demonstrated that the JAK1/2 tyrosine kinase inhibitor ruxolitinib blocked OSM driven STAT3 tyrosine phosphorylation in mouse muscle progenitor cells.

Western blot was used to detect STAT3 and phosphorylated STAT3 (p-STAT3) expressions in CaSki and CaSki/DDP cells.

JAK2, STAT1, STAT3 phosphorylated (p) STAT1, and pSTAT3 expression were measured by immunoblot.

In addition, treatment with Quercetin at 10  μM, significantly inhibited the phosphorylation of JAK2 and STAT1, and the nuclear translocation of phosphorylated STAT1 in poly (dA:dT)-treated and IFN-γ-primed keratinocytes.

We investigate JAK-STAT5 activation and its relationship to full-length Stat5B (FL-Stat5) and constitutive phosphorylated carboxy-truncated Stat5B (ct-pStat5) in four different strains of mouse.

The present study examines the relationship between tumor total STAT3 and phosphorylated STAT3Tyr705 (pSTAT3) expression, host inflammatory responses, and survival in patients undergoing resection of stage I-III colorectal cancer.

The expressions of smooth muscle alpha actin (alpha-SMA), collagen (COL)-IV, STAT1, and STAT3 were examined using histochemical techniques, and Western blotting was used to examine the protein levels of STAT1, STAT3 phosphorylated (P)-STAT1, P-STAT3, and transforming growth factor beta1 (TGFbeta(1)).

Additionally, both STAT1 and phosphorylated STAT (p-STAT) levels were also upregulated in trophoblasts from RM patients and positively correlated with SPRY4 expression.

STAT3 was highly phosphorylated in TRCs and knockdown of STAT3 reversed the downregulation of RIG-I in TRCs.

Western blot findings demonstrated that luteolin significantly inhibited interferon-γ-induced increases in cyclooxygenase 2, phosphorylated STAT1 and phosphorylated STAT3 expression levels and the secretion of the proinflammatory cytokine tumor necrosis factor-α in supernatants.

Isoprenaline or salbutamol especially promoted the expression of Stat 3 and phosphorylated Stat 3, contributing to the activation of IL-6/Stat 3 signalling in promoting hepatocyte proliferation and recellularized liver function.

Activation of signal transducer and activator of transcription 3 (STAT3) in colonic samples was quantified by immunohistochemistry and Western blotting using antibodies against total STAT3 and phosphorylated STAT3 (pSTAT3) (Ser727).

In nonhypothalamic cells, STAT-3 is also phosphorylated at serine-727 (Ser-727), but the functional significance of Ser-727 in the regulation of hypothalamic STAT-3 is not known.

In cisplatin-resistant cells with higher Jak2 and STAT3 expression, cisplatin and ruxolitinib combination dramatically suppressed the cell growth, down-regulated the expression of phosphorylated STAT3 and induced cleaved caspase-3 expression.

Given that STAT family members with various or even opposite functions are often phosphorylated or dephosphorylated by the same enzymes, the mechanism for STAT3-specific dephosphorylation in cells remains largely unknown.

Here we demonstrate that ruxolitinib causes incomplete inhibition of STAT5 in JAK2V617F mutated cells due to persistence of phosphorylated serine residues of STAT5b, that conversely are targeted by PI3K and mTORC1 inhibitors.

Consistently, inhibition of miR-155 suppressed the expression of JAK2, STAT3 and phosphorylated STAT3 (p-STAT3).

To study the significance of signal transducer and activator of transcription (Stat) 3 in lung epithelial development of fetal mice, we examined fetal mouse lungs, focusing on the expression of Clara cell secretory protein (CCSP), Forkhead box protein J1 (Foxj1), calcitonin gene-related peptide (CGRP)  phosphorylated Stat3 (Tyr705), and hairy/enhancer of split (Hes) 1, and observed cultured fetal lungs upon treatment with IL-6, a Stat3 activator, or cucurbitacin I, a Stat3 inhibitor.

Phosphorylated Stat3 was detected in fetal lungs and, immunohistochemically phosphorylated Stat3 was found to be co-localized in developing Clara cells, but not in ciliated cells.

Moreover, SSA inhibited the activation of transcription factor ROR-γt, STAT3 and phosphorylated STAT3 in both NALF and lung.

Signal transducers and activators of transcription (STATs) are tyrosine phosphorylated upon cytokine stimulations, and tyrosine-phosphorylated STATs (p-STATs) enter the nucleus to activate a variety of target genes.

The expression of the signal transducer and activator of transcription 3 (STAT3) and phosphorylated STAT3 (Tyr705) [ p-STAT3 (Tyr705) ] was evaluated by the western blot assay.

The expression of GH receptor (Ghr), Jak-2, Stat3, Vegf, Hif-1α, Fgf, and Mmp-2 was measured by RT-PCR and protein expression of STAT3 phosphorylated STAT3, VEGF, HIF-1α, and MMP-2 was measured by western blotting.

Moreover, hearts at the EDS had less total STAT3 protein, but relatively much higher level of phosphorylated STAT3.

Genome-wide association studies (GWAS) have identified three loci (rs17401966 in KIF1B, rs7574865 in STAT4, rs9275319 in HLA-DQ) as being associated with hepatitis B virus-related hepatocellular carcinoma (HBV-related HCC) in a Chinese population, two loci (rs2596542 in MICA, rs9275572 located between HLA-DQA and HLA-DQB) with hepatitis C virus-related HCC (HCV-related HCC) in a Japanese population.

stats" software analysis, we found that the most associated region was located in the HLA class I region and limited by HLA-A and D6S265 loci (p = 0.00056).

In this study, we dissected the specific roles of individual JAK/STAT pathway members on the IFN-γ response, and identified JAK1 as the primary mediator of JAK/STAT signaling associated with IFN-γ-induced expression of antigen-presenting molecules MHC-I and MHC-II, as well as PD-L1 and the cytostatic response to IFN-γ.

Statistical studies of associated alleles detected on each microsatellite locus showed that the pathogenic gene for Behçet disease is most likely found within a 46-kb segment between the MICA and HLA-B genes.

However, only IFN gamma increases expression of three STAT1-dependent gene products examined, namely transporter associated with antigen processing-1 (TAP1), interferon regulatory factor-1 (IRF1), and class I major histocompatibility complex (MHC) protein, as demonstrated by immunoblotting.

NK cell tolerance occurs upstream of major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class I mediated education, and is associated with deficient STAT4 phosphorylation.

M1-like macrophages (IFN/LPS-differentiated) from GILZ-/- mice showed higher expression of the M1 markers CD86, MHC class II, iNOS, IL-6 and TNF-α associated with increased levels of phosphorylated STAT1 and lower IL-10 levels, compared to M1-differentiated cells from WT mice.

Our study provided preliminary evidences supporting HLA-A2 in Caucasians contribute to the risk of AD by modulating the alteration of hippocampal volume and HLA-A gene variants appear to play a role in altering AD-related brain structures on MRI.

These findings suggest that NK cells lacking inhibitory receptors to HLA-C and-E kill HIV-infected CD4+ T cells, and they indicate that the capacity of NK cells to destroy HIV-infected cells depends on the ability of the virus to modulate MHC class I molecules.

This constitutes the first demonstration of a gender-specific association between MICA-STR polymorphism and NPC, which could largely be attributable to the underlying gender-related mechanisms that modulate MICA gene expression.

conversely, miR-19a or miR-19b-1 inhibition by the miRNA inhibitor upregulated the aforementioned MHC Class I gene expression, suggesting that miR-19a or miR-19b-1 negatively modulates MHC Class I gene expression.

Here, we show that, in addition to transcriptional regulation of MHC-II, the parasite modulates the expression of key components of the MHC-II antigen presentation pathway, namely, the MHC-II-associated invariant chain (Ii or CD74) and the peptide editor H2-DM, in professional antigen-presenting cells (pAPCs).

This interference can affect the trafficking of recently peptide-loaded MHC-I from the endoplasmic reticulum to the cell surface, thus modulating the presentation of viral peptides, as well as the recycling of pre-existing cell surface MHC-I, resulting in reduction of the level of overall MHC-I cell surface expression.

The report of three such structures involving viral epitopes that are immunodominant in HLA-B27-restricted T cell responses against influenza, Epstein-Barr and HIV viruses significantly improves our perception of critical aspects of the immunological and pathogenetic roles of HLA-B27, including (1) the molecular basis of its peptide-binding specificity and how this is modulated by subtype polymorphism, (2) the relationship between the structural and the antigenic features of immunodominant viral epitopes, (3) the basis for long term non-progression to AIDS of HIV-infected HLA-B27+ individuals, and (4) the structural features of microbial peptides influencing NK receptor engagement.

Because of the importance of major histocompatibility (MHC) class I and class II antigens in modulating the immune response, we examined the tissue expression of MHC molecules in relation to CNS damage and expression of viral antigens.

Nef downregulates MHC-I by modulating the host membrane trafficking machinery, resulting in the endocytosis and eventual sequestration of MHC-I within the cell.

These defects can be counteracted and stationary-phase lethality delayed significantly by stabilizing membranes with Mg2+ and buffering the growth medium or by deleting the σE-dependent small RNAs (sRNAs) MicA, RybB, and MicL, which inhibit the expression of porins and Lpp.

ZSF1 rats as well as its healthy controls were fed with control diet or MICA-containing diet (200 mg/kg/day) for 9 weeks.

Mechanistically, entinostat treatment resulted in increased chromatin accessibility to the promoter region for interferon-induced protein with tetratricopeptide repeats 1 (IFIT1) gene and thereby increasing the transcript and protein levels of IFIT1 that augmented the IFIT1-mediated IRF1, STAT4, and STING pathways.

These results demonstrate that while interferon-γ increases both angiotensinogen and monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 expression, STAT1 plays an opposing role in the regulation of each factor in mesangial cells.

Interferon tau (IFNtau), a type I IFN produced by the conceptus trophectoderm increases many type I IFN-stimulated genes (ISGs) in the ovine uterine endometrial stroma and glandular epithelium (GE) using signal transducer and activator of transcription 1 (STAT1)-dependent pathways.

Vorinostat also induced apoptosis and cell-cycle arrest in the S phase, inhibited PI3K (p110α), p-PI3K p55 (Tyr199), and p-Akt (Ser473) protein expression and upregulated MICA expression in vitro and in vivo, and promoted NK-92 cell-mediated cervical cancer cell lysis.

This dominant-negative acting Stat-3 isoform significantly inhibited apoptosis induced by ligation of MHC-I.

Both isoforms can downregulate MHC class II, however they differ in a number of other immunomodulatory properties, such as the ability to bind the IL10 receptor and induce signaling through STAT3.

Interestingly, interleukin (IL)-7 selectively activated STAT1 and induced MHC class I in mature T but not B cells.

A monoclonal antibody (mAb) directed against the extracellular domain of the IFNAR1 chain of the human interferon-alpha (IFN-alpha) receptor (IFN-alphaR), which inhibits activation of the Jak-Stat signal transduction pathway, administered together with a subeffective dose of cyclosporine induced prolonged survival of skin allografts in major histocompatibility complex (MHC) divergent cynomolgus monkeys.

Addition of platelet-derived growth factor to such transduced cells produces STAT1 activation that is comparable in magnitude and duration to that caused by IFN gamma, but still fails to induce TAP1, IRF1, or class I MHC molecules.

STAT1 induces the expression of CSF-1, which in turn drives TAM proliferation and possibly also the M2 gene signature of MHC-II(lo) F4/80(hi) TAM.

Interferon-alpha (IFN-alpha) did not activate STAT1 or STAT3 nor did it induce MHC class I upregulation.

In this study, we demonstrate that MHC II expression was markedly induced on the spinal microglia of CIBP rats in response to STAT1 phosphorylation.

Vorinostat also induced apoptosis and cell-cycle arrest in the S phase inhibited PI3K (p110α), p-PI3K p55 (Tyr199), and p-Akt (Ser473) protein expression and upregulated MICA expression in vitro and in vivo, and promoted NK-92 cell-mediated cervical cancer cell lysis.

In this study, we demonstrated that Tim-3 inhibits the expression of major histocompatibility complex class I (MHC-I) in macrophages at both the messenger ribonucleic acid and protein levels by inhibiting the STAT1-NLRC5 signaling pathway.

SOCS1 and STAT1 inhibitors significantly inhibited IFN-γ-induced CIITA promoter activity and MHC class II expression.

This is the first report that VZV encodes an immunomodulatory function which directly interferes with the IFN-gamma signal transduction via the Jak/Stat pathway and enables the virus to inhibit IFN-gamma induction of cell surface MHC class II expression.

in addition, overexpression of a constitutively active form of STAT3 significantly inhibits MICA upregulation.

STAT3 inhibits the production of pro-inflammatory chemokines and MHC Class I chain-related gene A.

Here, MICA was inhibited by up-regulation of LINC00240, and could be rescued by STAT3 knockdown.

To assure efficient MHC class I (MHC-I) peptide loading, the peptide loading complex (PLC) recruits the peptide-receptive form of MHC-I, and in this process, tapasin (tpn) connects MHC-I with the peptide transporter TAP and forms a stable disulfide bond with ERp57.

To evade the anti-human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) immune response, the HIV Nef protein disrupts major histocompatibility complex class I (MHC-I) trafficking by recruiting the clathrin adaptor protein 1 (AP-1) to the MHC-I cytoplasmic tail.

Instead, MHC-I are recruited from an endosomal recycling compartment (ERC), which is marked by Rab11a, VAMP3/cellubrevin, and VAMP8/endobrevin and holds large reserves of MHC-I.

Both MICC and NKCC were examined under the same experimental conditions using the 18 hr chromium release assay, except that cultures for MICC were stimulated in vitro by the addition of phytohemagglutinin (PHA).

Here, we report that the prototypical NKG2DL MICA is released by proteolytic cleavage in the stalk of the MICA ectodomain, where deletions, but not alanine substitutions, impede MICA shedding.

MICA-129Val homozygous melanoma cell lines released more soluble MICA (sMICA) by shedding (P = 0.0015).

The MICA-129Met clones released more sMICA (P = 0.0006), and a higher proportion of the MICA-129Met than the MICA-129Val variant was retained in intracellular compartments (P = 0.0199).

This inefficiency of peptide transfer to the MHC molecules of DCs makes it unlikely that these cells recycle peptides released from the MHC molecules of other cells and may explain why cross-presentation of such peptides has not yet been observed.

Surface MICA and release rate of soluble (s) MICA was evaluated in PCa cell lines originally derived from African American (MDA-PCa-2b) or Caucasian (LNCaP and DU-145) PCa patients.

Starting from the known three-dimensional structure of the class I major histocompatibility complex-encoded HLA-B,2705 protein, three non-natural nonapeptides were designed to fit optimally the HLA-B,2705-binding groove.

Our findings presumed that PD-L1 expressed on APCs along with CD80/86 enhanced the induction of Ag-specific CTLs probably depending on fine-tuning excessive stimulation of CD80/86, and that K562/HLA+CD80/86+PD-L1 cells has therapeutic potential as a novel type of artificial APCs for adoptive immunotherapy.

Despite peripheral activation of Aβ-specific CD8(+) cytotoxic effectors and enhanced infiltration of CD8(+) T cells in the brain of Aβ33-41NP-immunized APPPS1 mice, no clinical signs of severe autoimmune neuroinflammation were observed.

Treatment of anti-CD3/CD28-stimulated, purified CD8+ T cells with interleukin 10 alone could significantly enhance CD8+ T cell survival, an effect dependent on interleukin 10 receptor expression.

Decreased infiltration of CD8(+) T cells into infected CCL3(-/-) mice was associated with enhanced accumulation of primed CD8(+) T cells in cervical lymph nodes.

In this study, we examine the role of CD8 further using point-mutated pMHCI Ag and show that anti-CD8 Abs can either enhance or inhibit the activation of CTL and the stable cell surface binding of multimerized pMHCI, regardless of whether there is a pMHCI/CD8 interaction.

The more diverse TCR usage observed for HIV-2-specific CD8(+) T cells was associated with an enhanced potential for CD8 expansion and IFN-gamma production on cross-recognition of variant epitopes.

The T cell co-receptor CD8αβ enhances T cell sensitivity to antigen, however studies indicate CD8αα has the converse effect and acts as a co-repressor.

Further functional studies reveal that peptide-deficient conformers of HLA-B,35:01 do not directly activate CD8+ T cells, but accumulate at the immunological synapse in antigen-induced responses, and enhance cognate peptide-induced cell adhesion and CD8+ T cell activation.

To detect the tumor samples of 122 patients with colorectal carcinoma after surgery, analyze the effect of probiotics on enhancing tumor-infiltrating CD8+T cells to inhibit colorectal carcinoma, and further verify the mechanism of probiotics on enhancing the antitumor immune response of CD8+T cells through animal experiments.

CCDC134 facilitated infiltration of CD8(+) T cells with enhanced cytolytic activity into tumors, demonstrating strong antitumor effects in a CD8(+) T-cell-dependent manner.

Meanwhile, CD80/CD86 expression in DCs was enhanced by type I interferon (IFN) stimulation, and the LPS-induced CD80/CD86 expression was inhibited by an antibody to type I IFN receptor.

Here, we show that constitutive transgenic CD8 expression resulted in enhanced differentiation of innate memory-like CD8+ thymocytes in both a cell-intrinsic and cell-extrinsic manner, the latter being accomplished by an increase in the IL-4-producing iNKT2 subset.

Infiltration of MBP-specific CD8+ T cells enhanced ROS production in the brain only in these cell types and only when the MBP-specific CD8+ T cells expressed Fas ligand (FasL).

Anti-Nrp-1 neutralising antibodies enhance the migration and cytotoxicity of Nrp-1+PD-1hi CD8+ TIL ex vivo, while in vivo immunotherapeutic blockade of Nrp-1 synergises with anti-PD-1 to enhance CD8+ T-cell proliferation, cytotoxicity and tumour control.

Immunization of mice with wild type (WT) and mutant TS vaccines demonstrated that vaccines encoding enzymatically active protein and the immunodominant CD8+ T cell epitope enhance subdominant pathogen-specific CD8+ T cell responses.

Both germline Arg2 deletion and adoptive transfer of Arg2-/- CD8+ T cells significantly reduced tumor growth in preclinical cancer models by enhancing CD8+ T cell activation, effector function, and persistence.

In vitro stimulation of CD8+ T cells purified from C57BL/6 mice showed that TLR2 agonist Pam3CSK4 directly enhanced the TCR-dependent CD8+ T cell activation.

Mechanistically, attenuated interleukin-2 (IL-2) signaling in CD8+ T cells primed by moDCs was responsible for the enhanced memory programming of CD8+ T cells.

Results: Oxaliplatin induced robust ICD in LLC cells, activated dendritic cells (DCs, CD80+CD86+) and enhanced cytotoxic T cells (CD8+) in LLC tumor tissues, which resulted in tumor regression.

Sensitization of both cancer antigen-specific CD8+ T cells and natural killer (NK) cells were enhanced by the therapy, and CD8+ T cells were essential for the therapeutic effect, implying that donor MHC-deficient β-ML exhibited a therapeutic effect through the activation of host immune cells derived from allogeneic recipient mice.

vivax infection reduces the numbers of different subsets of CD8(+) T cells, particularly the memory cells, during blood-stage of infection and enhances the number of CD8(+) memory T cells expressing IL-10, which positively correlates with the number of cells expressing TNF-α and IFN-γ.

Depleting macrophages or CD8(+) T cells in mice with wild-type IKKβ myeloid cells enhanced tumor growth, where the myeloid cell response was used to mediate antitumor immunity against melanoma tumors (with less dependency on a CD8(+) T-cell response).

Immunization with live attenuated transgenic sporozoites revealed that antigen export was not critical for CD8(+) T-cell priming but enhanced CD8(+) T-cell proliferation in the liver.

We conclude that HLA-A2 monomers targeted for presentation through CD89 on monocytes or mannose receptor on dendritic cells lead to proper antigen presentation but do not enhance indirect allorecognition via HLA-DR.

CD8+ CTL stimulated with peptide-loaded dendritic cells were tested against targets expressing endogenous SCCE, including HLA-A2.

One type of inhibitory receptor, NKB1, was present on CD4+ and CD8+TCR alpha beta+ CTL clones and blocked the killing of staphylococcal enterotoxin B (SEB)-coated targets bearing certain polymorphic HLA-B molecules.

However, CD8+ CTL also contributed to the lysis of autologous targets as well as allogeneic targets having a common HLA-A and/or-B determinant.

The CTL generated from isolated CD8+ cells were HLA class I restricted as demonstrated by their ability to lyse targets sharing at least one HLA-A or-B Ag with the stimulating autologous LCL.

Although lacking the CD8 molecule the gp100-specific DN T cell clone was able to confer antigen-specific cytotoxicity against gp100-loaded target cells as well as HLA-A2+ gp100 expressing melanoma cells.

In contrast, most CD8(+) T cells proliferated weakly but effectively killed target cells via an MHC class I or MHC class II restricted, perforin-dependent pathway.

The expression of NY-ESO-1 in an HLA-A2 expressing cell line allowed CD133(+) clonogenic melanoma cells to be targeted for killing in vitro by NY-ESO-1-specific CD8(+) T-lymphocytes.

We developed a novel immunologic model by stably transducing the HLA-A2 gene into the replicon system, matching the epitope sequence of the replicon to the sequence targeted by an HCV-specific CD8+ T-cell clone.

The human versions of B5-14 and A2-10, differing from the murine peptides by only a single residue, represent excellent candidates to explore as CD8(+) T-cell targets in HLA-A,0201-positive type 1 diabetic patients.

HIV-1-specific CD8+ T-cell responses broadened significantly during subsequent exposure to the virus, ultimately targeting 27 distinct CTL epitopes, including 15 different CTL epitopes restricted by a single HLA class I allele (HLA-A3).

Here, we describe an immunodominant CD8(+) T-cell response targeting a hepatitis B surface antigen determinant (HBs(295-304)) restricted by HLA-A,1101 in both healthy individuals and CHB patients.

Testing the reactivity of these peptide-specific CD8(+) T-cells against various target cells confirmed that peptide TYFNLGNKF is naturally processed in Ad11-infected cells and is presented by HLA-A,24:02.

The TCR-transduced CD8(+) T-cells produced interferon-γ (IFNγ) and tumor necrosis factor-α (TNFα) in response to stimulation not only with the modified WT1(235) peptide but also with the natural WT1(235) peptide and lysed modified or natural WT1(235) peptide-pulsed target cells and endogenously WT1-expressing leukemia cells in a HLA-A,24:02-restriction manner.

We investigated the induction and evolution of CD8(+) T cell responses to a WNV envelope epitope, which is a dominant target in naturally infected HLA-A,02-positive individuals.

Human CD8 T cells engineered to target mesothelin were also evaluated for ability to kill HLA-A2+ HGSOC lines.

Nef clones harboring nonconsensus variants at codon 9 downregulated HLA-B (though not HLA-A) significantly better than those harboring the consensus sequence at this site, resulting in reduced recognition of infected target cells by HIV-1-specific CD8+ effector cells in vitro Among persons expressing protective HLA class I alleles, carriage of Nef codon 9 variants was also associated with reduced ex vivo HIV-specific T cell responses.

Research on CD8 T cell-mediated inflammatory diseases requires a better understanding of target epitopes and the constraints placed upon these by major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class I binding restrictions, especially those that relate to predisposing alleles.

We have previously established an AIDS model of simian immunodeficiency virus (SIV) infection in Burmese rhesus macaques and found a potent CD8+ T cell targeting the Mamu-A1,065:01-restricted Gag241-249 epitope, which is located in a region corresponding to the HIV Gag240-249 TW10 epitope restricted by a protective MHC-I allele, HLA-B,57.

Thus, the infusion of CD8+ cells targeting mutant KRAS mediated effective antitumor immunotherapy against a cancer that expressed mutant KRAS G12D and HLA-C,08:02.

On the contrary, the proteasome provides peptides for presentation by MHC I molecules that can be targeted by already primed CD8 T cells.

anti-MHCII adducts elicited strong activation of CD4+ T cells, whereas anti-CD11b showed CD8+ T cell activation superior to targeting via MHCII and CD36.

We found that coupling of an HS ligand to the antigen increases antigen presentation to CD4(+) and CD8(+) T-cells after antigen targeting to membrane immunoglobulins or to MHC-II molecules.

Transfer of a high-affinity Gag293-specific TCR also redirected CD8+ T cells to target HIV-1 capsid via nonconventional MHC II restriction.

Acute allograft rejection is mediated by host CD8+ cytotoxic T lymphocytes (CTL) targeting graft class I major histocompatibility complex (MHC) molecules.

The present work identifies an additional immune evasion protein, BDLF3, that is expressed late in the lytic cycle and impairs CD8(+) T cell recognition by targeting cell surface MHC class I molecules for ubiquitination and proteasome-dependent downregulation.

We created SIVΔnef-8x to test the hypothesis that effective SIV-specific T cell responses targeting invariant viral regions can emerge in the absence of immunodominant CD8+ T cell responses targeting variable epitopes and that control is achievable in individuals lacking known " protective" MHC alleles.

Therefore, in the absence of immunodominant CD8+ T cell responses that target variable regions during SIVmac239Δnef infection, individuals without protective MHC alleles developed predominantly CD4+ T cell responses specific for invariant regions that may improve control of virus replication.

Moreover, CMV vectors can be genetically altered to program highly diverse CD8+ T cell responses that differ in their epitope targeting including conventional, MHC-I restricted CD8+ T cells as well as unconventional CD8+ T cells restricted by MHC class II or non-polymorphic MHC-E.

Decades of research, including the 1996 Nobel Prize in Medicine, confirm the evolutionary and immunological importance of CD8 T lymphocytes (TCD8+) that target peptides bound by the highly variable major histocompatibility complex class I (MHC-I) proteins.

Future rational CD8 cytotoxic T-cell-based vaccines may follow targeting virally induced cancers, other nonviral immunogenic tumors, and potentially even nonimmunogenic tumors whose peptide display can be purposely altered by MHC-binding drugs to stimulate immune attack.

The chimeric pairing of an antigen receptor with the T-cell receptor (TCR) intracellular signaling domain allows cluster of designation 8 (CD8) \240\cytotoxic T-cells to target cell surface makers independent of major histocompatibility complex (MHC) activation.

These results indicate higher selective pressure on overall CD8+ T-cell targets associated with the protective MHC-I haplotype, suggesting a pattern of HIV/SIV control by multiple target-specific CD8+ T-cell responses.

Traditionally, CD8+ CTL responses have been measured by the classic chromium release assay, monitoring the ability of T cells (Effector cells) to lyse radiolabelled HLA-matched " target cells" that express the appropriate antigen-MHC complex.

Theoretically, escape from CD8(+) T cell recognition is less likely when multiple TCRs target individual MHC/peptide complexes, thereby increasing the chance that amino acid changes in the epitope could be tolerated.

Advances in defining HIV-1 CD8+ T cell epitopes and understanding endogenous MHC class I antigen processing enable the rational design of polyepitope vaccines for eliciting broadly targeted CD8+ T cell responses to HIV-1.

both CD4(+) and CD8(+) responses can be enhanced by targeting the antigen to the MHC class II pathway.

Spleen cells from mice rejecting HLA-A2+ allografts failed to lyse HLA-A2+ target cells indicating a lack of involvement of CD8+ T cells in the rejection process.

Tumor-derived peptides presented by MHC class I molecules are targets for tumor rejection by CD8+ CTLs.

The function of the MHC class I polypeptide-related sequence A (MICA) gene, which belongs to the MHC class I chain-related genes, is to trigger cytolysis of target cells mediated by NKG2D receptor recognition in NK (Natural Killer) cells and CD8 T-lymphocytes.

Interestingly, the majority of these patients reacts to the two MUC1-derived HLA-A,0201 epitopes tested (14 from 16), demonstrating that this protein represents one dominant target for CD8+ T cells in gastrointestinal cancer.

The induced CTLs could lyse HLA-A-,0201/,2402 colon and gastric cancer cells expressing MCAK, as well as the peptide-pulsed target cells, in an HLA class l, and CD8 restricted manner.

HCMV IE-13-12SSAKRKMDPD is a HLA-A,2402-restricted HCMV IE-1 epitope that can serve as a common target for CD8+ HCMV-specific CTLs.

Immune cell populations are not grossly altered, and the mice exhibit typical signs of islet autoimmunity, including CD8 T cell responses to beta cell peptides also targeted in HLA-A(∗) 2 : 1-positive type 1 diabetes patients.

Besides the expression of non-polymorphic HLA-E and HLA-G molecules that are associated with immune tolerance, EVT also express highly polymorphic HLA-C molecules that can serve as targets for maternal dNK and CD8+ dT responses.

The immune inhibitors INDO, PDCA1, CTLA4, and LAG3, and the non-classical MHC Class I target of CD8+ T regulatory cells, HLA‑E, were significantly higher in tumors with TILs.

EBV miRNAs directly target the peptide transporter subunit TAP2 and reduce levels of the TAP1 subunit, MHC class I molecules, and EBNA1, a protein expressed in most forms of EBV latency and a target of EBV-specific CD8+ T cells.

Cell clusters within these FTAs can be pulsed with major histocompatibility (MHC) class-I and MHC class-II binding peptides and thereby act as target cells for CD8(+) and CD4(+) T cells, respectively.

By circumventing major histocompatibility complex (MHC)-restrictions through an engineered chimeric antigen receptor (CAR), CD4⁺ T cells lyse defined target cells as efficiently as do CD8⁺ T cells.

Here, using the porcine alphaherpesvirus pseudorabies virus (PRV), we show that vaccination of pigs with a live attenuated PRV vaccine strain triggers expression of MHC class II on porcine NK cells, that porcine NK cells can internalize debris from PRV-infected target cells, and that NK cells can stimulate proliferation of CD8+ and CD4+CD8+ PRV-experienced T cells.

Targeting Ag to immature CD8+ DCs via both Clec9A and Clec12A failed to elicit MHC I cross-presentation above that of controls, while Clec12A was the superior receptor to target following CD8+ DC maturation.

Here, we discuss how targeting of hemagglutinin to MHC class II molecules increases Th2 and IgG1 antibody responses, whereas targeting to chemokine receptors XCR1 or CCR1/3/5 increases Th1 and IgG2a responses, in addition to CD8(+) T cell responses.

Here, we took an immunoproteomic approach to characterize MHC-I restricted epitopes from cells chronically infected with HBV and therefore more likely to represent the true targets of CD8(+) T cells during chronic infection.

EGFR inhibitors increased both basal and IFNγ-induced MHC class-I presentation, which enhanced recognition and lysis of tumor cell targets by CD8+ cytotoxic T lymphocytes.

Simultaneously, a down-regulated CD8 expression and an up-regulated antigen expression of both major histocompatibility antigen complex class I (MHC-I) and HIV-1 gp120/gp160 in the IFN-alpha treated effector (gp120+CD8+ HPB-ALL/HIV), and/or simultaneously up-regulated antigen expression of both CD8 and MHC-I in the IFN-gamma treated target (CD4+CD8+ HPB-ALL) were found to be associated with reduced CT reaction.

The best-characterized targets of Nef are major histocompatibility complex class I (MHC-I) and CD4, but Nef also has been reported to target several other proteins, including CD8β, CD28, CD80, CD86, and CD1d.

Conclusions: MEX3B mediates resistance to cancer immunotherapy by binding to the 3 \ UTR of HLA-A to destabilize the HLA-A mRNA and thus downregulate HLA-A expression on the surface of tumor cells, thereby making the tumor cells unable to be recognized and killed by T cells.

In the patients with T2D (DM), multifunctionality of circulating CD8 + PD-1 + T cells stimulated with PMA/ionomycin as well as with HLA-A,24:02 CMV peptide was dampened, while metformin recovered multifunctionality.

This study uses soluble allogeneic class I MHC-peptide monomers and oligomers to stimulate murine CD8 T cells without the possible complication of peptide re-presentation.

Monoclonal antibodies against HLA-ABC and HLA-DR molecules suppressed the stimulating cell-specific cytolytic activity of CD8+ and CD4+ CTLs, respectively.

Finally, we showed that the long peptide MELOE-1(22-46), containing the two optimal class II epitopes and the HLA-A,0201 epitope, was efficiently processed by DC to stimulate CD4(+) and CD8(+) T cell responses in vitro, making it a potential candidate for melanoma vaccination.

One problem encountered with classical DNA plasmid immunization is that peptides produced are noncovalently and transiently associated with MHC class I molecules and thus may not durably stimulate CD8(+) T cell responses.

To study this, we examined the phenotypes and functions of CD8(+) T cells specific for two different virus antigens stimulated ex vivo using either autologous monocyte-derived dendritic cells (moDCs) or HLA-A2-Ig-based artificial APCs (aAPCs).

The MHC class I-related ligands of the immunoreceptor NKG2D are frequently expressed by tumor cells and stimulate tumor immunity mediated by CD8 T cells and natural killer (NK) cells.

The major histocompatibility complex class I polypeptide-related sequence A gene (MICA) encodes a membrane-bound protein acting as a ligand to stimulate an activating receptor, NKG2D, expressed on the surface of essentially all human natural killer (NK), γδ T and CD8(+) αβ T cells.

Major histocompatibility complex class I-related chain A (MICA), a non-classical major histocompatibility complex molecule, can stimulate or co-stimulate CD8+ T cells or natural killer (nk) cells, thus affecting cornea allograft survival.

Peptides selected from either p53-binding region (LTag351-450 and LTag533-626) by current algorithms and capacity to bind HLA-A,0201 molecule were used to stimulate CD8+ T responses, as assessed by IFN-gamma gene expression ex vivo and detected by cytotoxicity assays following in vitro culture.

CD8(+) TIL obtained from tumors upon culture with anti CD3 and anti CD28 mAb and IL-2 were stimulated with autologous mature DC (mDC) and HLA-A,0101 restricted MAGE-A1(161-169) or MAGE-A3(168-176) peptides or HLA-A,0201 restricted MAGE-A4(230-239), MAGE-A10(254-262), NY-ESO-1(157-165) or multi-MAGE-A (YLEYRQVPV) peptides or a recombinant vaccinia virus (rVV) encoding MAGE-A and NY-ESO-1 HLA-A,0201 restricted epitopes and CD80 co-stimulatory molecule.

To identify potential NY-BR-1 epitopes that are recognized by CTL, CD8+ T cells were stimulated in vitro with autologous dendritic cells pulsed with NY-BR-1 peptides that were predicted to bind to HLA-A2.

Overall, our findings suggest that HLA-A,11 molecules may stimulate alloreactive CD8+ cytotoxic T-cell responses.

In this study, the authors used this technique to analyze potential overlapping CD8 T-cell repertoires between self-MHC-viral peptide and allo-MHC complexes by stimulating CMV-specific CD8 T cells with alloantigens.

Yet, T cell binding and cytolytic activity are independent of CD8 when stimulated with human p1049/A2 as demonstrated with anti-CD8 Abs that block CD8 association with MHC.

Major histocompatibility complexes (MHC) expressed on the surface of various antigen presenting cells were peptide-pulsed and used to stimulate human CD8(+) T cells expressing the different TCR via lentiviral transduction.

The predicted T-cell epitopes stabilized the HLA-A,0201 molecules on T(2) cells, and stimulate interferon-γ-secreting and cytotoxic CD8(+) T cells.

Nano-aAPC-expressing HLA-A,0201 molecules and costimulatory anti-CD28 antibody and HLA-A,0201 molecules loaded with MART-1 or gp100 class I-restricted peptides were used to stimulate CD8 T cells purified from the peripheral blood of treatment-naïve or PD-1 antibody-treated patients with stage IV melanoma.

The THP-1 (HLA-A2+) cells were used as antigen presenting cells to stimulate naïve CD8+T cells along with (or without) co-treatment of various ODNs mentioned above.

Isolated CD8+ T cells from CB and PB were stimulated antigen independently with anti-CD3/CD28 stimulator beads or in an antigen-dependent manner with artificial antigen-presenting cells loaded with the HLA-A,02:01-restricted peptide of tumor-associated melanoma antigen recognized by T cells 1 (MART1).

In an extensive analysis of HLA class I-restricted immunity, immunodominant EBNA3A/3B/3C-specific CD8(+) T cell responses were stimulated by numerous HLA class I molecules, whereas the subdominant LMP1/2A-specific responses were confined largely to HLA-A,02.

The TcCA-2-specific CD8+ T cells were functionality evaluated by Granzyme B and cytokine production in peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC) from Chagas disease patients stimulated with the identified HLA-A,02:01 peptides.

The proportion of virus-specific CD8+ T cells was lower in PBMC stimulated in vitro with influenza virus A/NL/94-384G obtained from several HLA-B,2705-positive donors than in PBMC stimulated with influenza virus A/NL/94-384R.

The association of reactive arthritis (ReA) with HLA-B27 and the presence of bacterial antigen in joints with ReA suggest that bacterial peptides might be presented by the HLA-B27 molecule and thus stimulate CD8 T cells.

Upon cleavage in vivo, the glycolipid-peptide conjugate vaccine releases an MHC I-restricted peptide epitope (to stimulate Plasmodium-specific CD8+ T cells) and an adjuvant component, the NKT cell agonist α-galactosylceramide (α-GalCer).

In this study, using systematic experiments in a reductionist system, in which primary human CD8+ T cell blasts are stimulated by recombinant peptides presented on MHC Ag alone, we show that different inflammatory cytokines have comparable Ag dose thresholds across a 25, 0-fold variation in affinity.

HLA-A,0201 transgenic mice provide an important model to define which peptide variants are most likely to stimulate CD8+ T cell populations that recognize the parental, melanoma-specific peptide.

Studies using ovalbumin, OVA257-264, and crude B16F10 antigen indicate MHC-I upregulation depends on the quantity of proteasome degradable peptide and only stimulates CD8+ T cells in the presence of antigen.

In the absence of Atg-dependent MHC class I internalization, dendritic cells stimulate CD8(+) T\240\cell responses more efficiently in\240\vitro and in\240\vivo.

In addition, the activation of virus-specific CD8+ T cells that are stimulated with the cognate viral peptides presented in the context of class I MHC is also suppressed by the exosomes.

Coexpression of IRF4 and CD137 sensitively detected peptide-specific CD8+ T cells with extremely low background in PBMCs stimulated for 18 hours with MHC class I peptides.

In APCs, peptides generated by proteasomes are loaded onto MHC class I molecules to stimulate CD8 T cell responses, which are crucial for effective immunity to pathogens.

Nef expression resulted in decreased CD4 levels, but no change to class I MHC, and no impairment in the ability of DC to stimulate recall PPD responses, mixed leukocyte responses, or hepatitis B-specific CD8 responses.

Using IFN-gamma ELISpot and cytotoxicity assays, it was demonstrated that recombinant Tat-Tp2 fusion protein possessed a superior ability to access MHC-I processing and presentation pathway and to stimulate CD8+ T cell responses compared to recombinant Tp2 protein.

Coculturing CD8 cells with EC stimulates a sufficient level of endothelial class II MHC expression to subsequently support a CD4 T cell proliferative response.

Peripheral blood mononuclear cells from 65 subjects (25 HLA-B27 positive patients with active AS, 18 healthy HLA-B27 positive controls, and 22 healthy HLA-B27 negative controls) were stimulated with phorbol myristate acetate/ionomycin for six hours, surface stained for CD3 and CD8, intracellularly stained for the cytokines IFNgamma, TNFalpha, IL4, and IL10, and analysed by flow cytometry.

The assay was applied to the detection of low-frequency measles virus (MV)-specific CD8(+) T cells by stimulating blood from five MV-immune HLA-A,0201 donors with four different MV-specific peptides (MV peptide aAPCs).

Moreover, hybrids comprising HLA-A,0201 DCs and allogeneic melanoma tumor cells (Colo 829 cell line) stimulated IFN-gamma secretion by antigen-specific CD8+ T cells, which are restricted for recognition of a melanoma gp100 peptide antigen (gp100(209-217)) within the context of the DC HLA haplotype.

PBLs from a normal HLA-A, 201 donor were stimulated with QLVQSGAEV-loaded autologous PBMCs and T2, the CD8(+) tetramer(+) cells in gated lymphocyte population increased from 1.64 % after the first stimulation to 82.57 % after the third stimulation.

Accordingly, ipDC were able to cross-present the TAA, Melan A, to a CD8(+) T-cell clone and stimulate primary Melan A-specific responses among naïve T cells from an HLA-A(,) 201 (+) donor.

In order to investigate the mechanism of MHC-I-unrestricted CD8+ T-cell-mediated HIV-1 suppression, we previously established allo-antigen stimulated CD8+T-cells from HIV-1-uninfected donors.

OECs expressed CD40 constitutively and class II major histocompatibility complex (MHC II) molecules when stimulated with IFNγ, but not CD80 or CD86.

Most importantly, therapy-induced MHC-I ligands stimulated antigen-specific IFNγ responses in antitumor CD8 T cells from mice treated with reovirus.

In particular, these Sec13 mutant mice showed low levels of MHC I and II expressed by macrophages, low levels of INF-γ and IL-6 expressed by stimulated T cells, and low frequencies of splenic IFN-γ+CD8+ T cells.

Depletion of N4BP1 or TNIP1 increased NF-κB and MHC-1 expression and stimulated recognition by antigen-specific CD8+ T cells.

These peptides exhibited high binding affinity for HLA-A,0201 molecules and stimulated CD8+ T cells of relatively limited TCR Vbeta chain repertoire.

When APC were exposed in vitro to such protein conjugates, they processed and presented the peptides in association with MHC class I molecules and stimulated CD8+ Ag-specific T cells.

Interestingly, the antisense long noncoding RNA (lncRNA) of ZNRD1, ZNRD1-AS1, was regulated to the opposite direction of ZNRD1 by CAP.

The system can record IOP with 0.3 \240\mmHg accuracy and negligible drift at a rate of 0.25 \240\Hz for 1-2 \240\months on a regulated battery or indefinitely at rates up to 250 \240\Hz via RF energy harvesting.

In conclusion, the results of the present study suggest that ZMIZ1 regulates the proliferation, apoptosis and migration of PIG1 and PIG3V cells, and indicate that ZMIZ1 may serve as a potential therapeutic target for vitiligo.

Bone marrow-derived macrophages from HLA-B27/human β2-microglobulin (hβ2 m)-transgenic rats were incubated in the presence or absence of interferon-γ and proteasome or autophagy inhibitors.

Screening for the HLA-B,15:02 allele has been recommended to prevent carbamazepine (CBZ)-induced Stevens-Johnson syndrome (SJS) and Toxic Epidermal Necrolysis (TEN) in individuals with Asian ancestry.

We also applied an in silico analysis and found that all HLA-B75 serotype molecules shared similar capability in binding the CBZ molecule.

Two independent mutations in the extracellular domain of KIR, away from the HLA-C binding site, impaired zinc-driven polymerization and inhibitory function.

This coordinated disappearance takes place whenever the TCR is triggered, even when the coreceptor does not engage the cognate MHC molecule and is the consequence of binding of the coreceptor-associated Lck to ZAP-70.

ZFX was shown to bind the sequences AGGGCCCCA and AGGCCCCGA, located respectively at positions-271 to-263 and-242 to-234 of the HLA-A11 promoter, with similar affinities through its three C-terminal zinc fingers.

Soluble HLA-B(,) 1502 was used to identify bound peptides in the presence and absence of CBZ by using liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry.

zooepidemicus, SpeS, and show that mutation of the putative T cell receptor (TCR)-binding motif (YAY to IAY) abrogated TCR-binding, whilst maintaining interaction with major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class II molecules.

The Nef/SFK complex then recruits and phosphorylates the tyrosine kinase ZAP-70, which binds class I PI3K to trigger MHC-I downregulation in primary CD4+ T cells.

The number of genotypes and/or alleles for HLA-B,51 and HLA-B,52 alleles and TNF-α-308\240\A/G polymorphism in cases and control subjects was extracted, and statistical analysis was conducted using STATA 11.2 software.

Febuxostat was more effective than allopurinol in reducing the serum urate levels of Han Chinese patients with gout or tophaceous gout who were HLA-B,5801 negative, without causing any serious skin reactions.

Associations between HLA-C and sleep parameters were seen independent of NT1 diagnosis supporting involvement of HLA-C in sleep subphenotypes.

In contrast, 3 of 15 LTNPs (20 %) were HLA-Bw4 homozygotes, whereas none of the 28 TPs were homozygotes (P = 0.037)  supporting the conclusion that HLA-Bw4 homozygosity may have a protective role.

CD8+ T cells could be detected in close proximity to MICA/B+ cells within multiple sclerosis lesions supporting an in vivo interaction between these immune effectors and stressed MICA/B-expressing oligodendrocytes.

While further investigation may reveal a structural basis of the MICA(,) 15 associations, these data provide little support for the hypothesis that differential distribution of MICA alleles substantially affects recovery from HCV and HBV infections.

Luciferase reporter constructs bearing the 3 \ UTR of MICA or MICB in 293 cells supported the function of miR-183 in repressing MICA/B expression.

UL142 is not able to affect surface expression of all MICA alleles, however, which may reflect selective pressure on the host to thwart viral immune evasion, further supporting an important role for the MICA-NKG2D interaction in immune surveillance.

Co-inheritance of MICA,A6 with the HLA DQ2DR17 haplotype in T1D indicates this haplotype may carry the additional genetic factors for T1D, but our study does not support an independent association between MICA variants and T1D.

Thus, the possibility that the MICA gene is involved in the pathogenesis of AS can be excluded supporting the hypothesis of a primary association of AS with HLA-B27.

The phylogenetic tree obtained for 212 complete human class I allele sequences (HLA-A,-B, and-C) has shown that all alleles from the same locus form a single cluster, which is highly supported by bootstrap values, except for one HLA-B allele (HLA-B,7301).

These studies suggest that MUC1-derived peptides are processed and presented in the context of MHC class I molecules on the surface of tumor cells and support the use of MAb BCP8 to further define MHC class I associated MUC1 motifs.

Although not ruling out a second HLA-A-linked gene influencing the clinical expression of AS, these data fail to support the role of a second MHC-associated gene in the pathogenesis of AS per se.

The very high prevalence of HLA-B,57:01 found in our study strongly supports HLA-B,57:01 genotyping, which should be implemented prior to the initiation of an abacavir-containing therapy to reduce the risk of potentially life-threatening hypersensitivity reactions.

The IPD-MHC Database represents the official repository for non-human major histocompatibility complex (MHC) sequences, overseen and supported by the Comparative MHC Nomenclature Committee, providing access to curated MHC data and associated analysis tools.

In interviews, participants said they considered being exposed to violence and humiliation to be part of the job when working in MHC, and that experience, as well as social support from colleagues, helped MHC practitioners to cope better with violent situations and feel less humiliated at work.

Thus, total helminth richness appears to be the most important correlate of MHC copy number supporting a leading role of pathogen-mediated selection in the evolution of MHC in birds.

During adaptive immunity MHC class II presentation of antigens is supported and MHC class I presentation restricted by the macroautophagy machinery.

Because MHC class II molecules are loaded with lysosomal products for CD4(+) T-cell stimulation, macroautophagy supports intracellular antigen processing onto MHC class II molecules.

Survival analysis of GL26-bearing MHC I-defective mice also support the contribution of glial TLR2-MHC I axis to brain tumor immunity.

The effect of this polymorphism on MHC-peptide recognition supports current models of TCR MHC-peptide interaction and provides evidence for a functional role for polymorphism in the TCRV genes.

Two peptides from the matrix protein and nucleoprotein of influenza virus are known to bind to HLA-A2, and both support the refolding of the recombinant HLA-A2 molecule.

MHC-BPS is a web-based MHC-binder prediction server that uses support vector machines for predicting peptide binders of flexible lengths for 18 MHC class I and 12 class II alleles from sequence-derived physicochemical properties, which were trained by using 4, 208 approximately 3, 252 binders and 234, 333 approximately 168, 793 non-binders, and evaluated by an independent set of 545 approximately 476 binders and 110, 564 approximately 84, 430 non-binders.

Our mutational analysis confirms the recently reported structure of the complex between Nef, AP-1 μ1 and the cytoplasmic tail of MHCI, but does not support involvement of an SH3 domain protein in MHCI downregulation.

Allergens predicted to bind HLA-B,57:01 were tested for their ability to stimulate T cells by the use of proliferation and interferon-gamma enzyme-linked immunospot assays.

As a proof of principle, we present data from two patients where a significant increase of interferon-gamma (IFN-gamma) release was detected when postvaccination PBMCs were stimulated by allogeneic vaccine cells as well as by HLA-A,02-restricted HER-2/neu epitopes.

The varicella vaccine-induced VZV IE62-specific T-cell clone specifically produced interferon-γ when stimulated with HLA-B,55:01-expressing Epstein-Barr virus-transformed B cells and HLA-B,55:01-transfected K562 cells (single HLA antigen expressing cell line [ SALs]) only.

Frequency of HLA-B,57:01 screening increased steadily since its first inclusion in treatment guidelines in the United States.

Cross-linking MHC I at the membrane increased SHP2 activation and further suppressed STAT1 phosphorylation.

M1-like macrophages (IFN/LPS-differentiated) from GILZ-/- mice showed higher expression of the M1 markers CD86, MHC class II, iNOS, IL-6 and TNF-α, associated with increased levels of phosphorylated STAT1 and lower IL-10 levels, compared to M1-differentiated cells from WT mice.

We observed a marked increase in CryAB gene expression in MHC-CnA mouse hearts accompanied with increased phosphorylation of STAT3.

Interestingly, in the hypothyroid state, CMNS caused concomitant activation of two signaling pathways that are usually reciprocally regulated-AMPK and mTOR signaling-which manifested as increased β-oxidation, MHC-I expression, and protein synthesis.

Domatinostat increased the expression of antigen-presenting machinery (APM) genes and MHC class I and II molecules, along with CTL infiltration, in tumors of both immune phenotypes.

The tyrosine phosphorylation of gp130 was enhanced, the phosphorylation of STAT3 and ERK (extracellular signal regulated kinase) 1/2 was increased and induction of the beta-myosin heavy chain (MHC) gene was observed in TG hearts without significant phenotypic changes.

STAT3-TG manifested myocardial hypertrophy at 12 wk of age with increased expression of the atrial natriuretic factor (ANF), beta-myosin heavy chain (MHC), and cardiotrophin (CT)-1 genes.

Along with human leukocyte antigen gene encoding B,51 (HLA-B,51) and areas including the major histocompatibility complex class I, genome-wide association studies have recognized numerous other BD susceptibility genes including those encoding interleukin (IL)-10, IL-12 receptor β 2 (IL-12RB2), IL-23 receptor (IL-23R), C-C chemokine receptor 1 gene, signal transducer and activator of transcription 4 (STAT4), endoplasmic reticulum aminopeptidase (ERAP1), and genes encoding killer cell lectin-like receptor family members (KLRC4-KLRK1).

These findings will be useful in further explorations of the nature of TCR binding transition states, as well as ongoing efforts to understand the mechanisms by which T cell receptors recognize the composite peptide/MHC surface.

the strongest risk was for anti-annexin V IgM, in which the 99 th percentile (P99) was associated with a 165-fold higher risk than P50, and for anti-annexin V IgG where P99 was associated with a 38-fold higher risk than P50.

Pnuts destruction during M-phase exit is mediated by the anaphase-promoting complex/cyclosome (APC/C)-targeted ubiquitination and proteolysis, and conserved destruction motifs of Pnuts.

Furthermore, the effect of extracellular zinc on the expression of the zinc finger protein PNUTS (protein phosphatase 1 nuclear targeting subunit 10) was investigated and revealed an upregulation of PNUTS expression in the presence of 1 microM extracellular zinc by 294 % when compared to incubation in zinc free medium.

In the present study, we characterize the subcellular and subnuclear localization of PNUTS (PP1 nuclear targeting subunit), a nuclear regulatory subunit of PP1, and report a stimulatory role of PNUTS in the decondensation of prometaphase chromosomes in two in vitro systems.

Zinc levels were semi-quantitatively detected by using the zinc-specific fluorophor Zn-AF2-DA.

Comparison of the ERp99 sequence to the sequence of other proteins revealed that ERp99 has extensive homology with the 90-kDa heat shock protein of Saccharomyces cerevisiae (hsp90) and the 83-kDa heat shock protein of Drosophila melanogaster.

The central PP1-binding domain of PNUTS was an effective substrate for protein kinase A in vitro, and phosphorylation substantially reduced the ability of PNUTS to bind to PP1 in vitro and following stimulation of protein kinase A in intact cells.

Here, we demonstrate that co-expressing ρ1 with ZIP3 and PKCζ enhanced basal internalization of GABA(C) R, while receptor internalization was reduced in the presence of PNUTS and PP1.

Quantitative real-time PCR and Western blotting were used to determine the expression levels of PNUTS and epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) proteins, respectively, after CNE-2 cells were infected with an adenovirus vector, ad-PNUTS, or transfected with PNUTS-specific siRNA.

Inhibition of PNUTS led to strong accumulation of endogenous DNA damage and sensitized the cellular response to a wide range of DNA-damaging agents, implicating PNUTS as an essential and multifaceted regulator of DNA repair.

Tapasin-deficient 721.22 cells expressing HLA-C03:04 were pulsed with overlapping peptides (10 mers overlapped by nine amino acids, spanning the entire HIV-1 p24 Gag sequence) to identify peptides that stabilized HLA-C expression.

A synthetic nonamer peptide, corresponding to residues 146-154 of PSA and containing a canonical HLA-A2-binding motif, was shown to stabilize the expression of HLA-A2 on the T2 antigen-processing mutant cell line.

Isoform-specific sequences which formed, respectively, as result of exon 1 splicing to either exon 3 or 4, encoded two distinct nonapeptides (AMAPIKTHL and AMAPIKVRL, not present in the full-length protein) with anchor residues for HLA-A2 and HLA-E molecules and able to stabilize HLA-A2 and HLA-E cell surface expression.

A highly conserved residue Arg(97) in the CDR3α loop played a major role in recognition of peptide and MHC to form a stabilizing ball-and-socket interaction with the MHC and peptide, contributing to the selection of the public TCR clonotype.

In the current study, we show that 7 C6 antibody could substantially inhibit MICA shedding and stabilize the expression of MICA/B on Hela cells and MDA-MB-231 cells.

To identify variants of GP2 with enhanced presentation to HLA-A,0201, we tested V6S, V6T, V6Q, G7P, G7F, T6F7, and Q6F7 for their capacity to stabilize cell surface HLA-A,0201 molecules.

The assembly assay for peptide binding to class I major histocompatibility complex (MHC) molecules is based on the ability of peptides to stabilize MHC class I molecules synthesized by transporter associated with antigen processing (TAP)-deficient cell.

HIV Nef disrupts the normal expression of MHC-I by stabilizing a protein-protein interaction between the clathrin adaptor protein AP-1 and the MHC-I cytoplasmic tail.

Thus, these data provide evidence that Nef binding to the MHC-I cytoplasmic tail stabilizes the interaction of a tyrosine in the MHC-I cytoplasmic tail with the natural tyrosine binding pocket in AP-1.

Here, we used TCRs that exhibited enhanced pMHC binding as a result of mutations in either CDR2 and/or CDR3 loops, that bound to the MHC or peptide, respectively, to dissect the roles of these loops in stabilizing TCR-pMHC interactions.

Major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class I-peptide complexes are stabilized by multiple interactions, including those of the peptidic NH(2)-terminal group in the A pocket of the MHC molecule.

" The clinical presentation of patients with β2m deficiency resembles that of patients with other forms of MHC-I deficiency, but because of the missing stabilizing effect of β2m on other members of the MHC-I family, the immunologic defect is more extensive than in patients with TAP deficiency.

However, at least for two influenza-derived epitopes, the avidity of the TCR-MHC peptide interaction appears to be insufficient to stabilize a tetrameric complex of MHC class I glycoprotein plus peptide on the lymphocyte surface.

In NK-DC co-culture, the possession of HLA-C2 by DC was associated with anti-inflammatory cytokine production (IL-1RA/IL-6), diminished DC maturation (CD86, HLA-DR), and absent CCR7 expression.

, HLA-B,57 and HLA-B,81) previously associated with VL and/or CD4 trajectories in eastern and southern Africans had no obvious impact on CD4:CD8 ratio.

This study sought to examine nevirapine hypersensitivity (NVP HSR) phenotypes and their relationship with differing major histocompatibility complex (MHC) Class I and Class II alleles and the associated CD4 and CD8 T-cell NVP-specific responses and their durability over time.

In HLA-B27/B57 LTNPs, a lower activation level of their memory CD4 T cells was associated with lower amounts of cell HIV-DNA in each resting memory CD4 subset and were also associated with higher ratios of HIV Gag-specific CD8 T cells per infected resting CD4 T cell (effector/target [ E/T]).

Peptides that bound with slow off-rates to class I alleles, that is HLA-A,0201, were associated with low frequency of CD8+ T cells in PBMCs from patients with tuberculosis.

Single-locus analysis revealed that the HLA-A region was associated with CD8+ T-cell numbers.

Moreover, substitutions in position one of the epitope were significantly enriched in HLA-A,11-positive individuals in China and associated with different patterns of CD8+ T cell reactivity.

Here, we show that tumor antigen-expressing cancer cells, which are decorated with pMHCI-IgGs containing a HLA-A,0201 molecule associated with a CMV-derived peptide, are specifically eliminated through engagement of antigen-specific CD8(+) T cells isolated from peripheral blood mononuclear cell preparations of CMV-infected humans.

HLA-B,57 is associated with slower disease progression to AIDS, and CD8+ T cell responses to B,57-restricted epitopes are thought to contribute to this protective effect.

The HLA-B57 allele family is associated with slow progression to disease in HIV-1-infected individuals and restricts a potent CD8 response against the p24 protein.

HLA-B51 is associated in more than 60 % of the patients and its restricted CD8+ T cell response is clearly correlated with the target tissues.

The results suggest that the control of HIV-1 over approximately 25 years in HLA-B,5101-positive hemophiliacs is associated with a Pol283-8-specific CD8(+) T-cell response and that lack of control of HIV-1 is associated with the appearance of Pol283-8-specific escape mutants.

HLA-B27- and-B57-positive HIV-infected humans have long been associated with control of HIV replication, implying that CD8(+) T cell responses contribute to control of viral replication.

HLA-B27 has been found to be associated with axial involvement either in SA and in PsA patients: it might be involved through presentation of an " arthritogenic peptide" to autoreactive CD8+ T cells or might accumulate in misfolded form and induce production pro-inflammatory cytokines by binding to several innate immune receptors.

In two independent cohorts of anti-PD-1-treated melanoma patients, MHC-II positivity on tumour cells is associated with therapeutic response, progression-free and overall survival, as well as CD4(+) and CD8(+) tumour infiltrate.

Specific MHC alleles and the degree of MHC heterogeneity are associated with enhanced CD8 T cell function and viral control during human chronic infection.

High MHC class I affinity was associated specifically with immunogenic CD8+ T-cell epitopes.

Such hypothesis is supported by the evidence that class I major histocompatibility complex (MHC) genes are associated with susceptibility to develop PsA and auto-reactive cells, such as CD8 T cells, T helper (h) 17 and plasma cells, have been demonstrated in PsA.

Herein, the tumor growth of melanoma cell lines expressing major histocompatibility complex class I molecules at high levels (MHC-I(high)) was dramatically impaired in TNF-deficient mice, and this was associated with enhanced tumor-infiltrating CD8(+) T lymphocytes.

Both MHC class I and β2-microglobulin expression was reduced or absent in 76 % of PTC specimens and was associated with reduced tumor-infiltrating immune cells, including effector (CD3(+), CD8(+), CD16(+)) and suppressor (FoxP3(+)) populations.

Certain " protective" major histocompatibility complex class I (MHC-I) alleles, such as B,57 and B,27, are associated with long-term control of HIV-1 in vivo mediated by the CD8+ cytotoxic-T-lymphocyte (CTL) response.

Certain Major Histocompatibility-I (MHC-I) types are associated with superior immune containment of HIV-1 infection by CD8+ cytotoxic T lymphocytes (CTLs), but the mechanisms mediating this containment are difficult to elucidate in vivo.

These two MHC-I haplotypes are associated with immunodominant CD8+ T-cell responses targeting similar regions of viral Nef antigen.

The first was located in the major histocompatibility complex (MHC), with multiple SNPs strongly associated with CD4:CD8 ratio (rs2524054, p = 2.1 x 10 (- 28)).

Remarkably, vaccinees expressing MHC-I (MHC class I) alleles previously associated with viral control completely suppressed acute phase replication of the challenge virus, implicating CD8(+) T cells in this control.

Thus, the cell surface expression of Ig-like inhibitory MHC class I receptors is associated with T cell engagement into various stages of the cytolytic differentiation pathway, and the cell surface expression of CD85j or KIR witnesses to the history of qualitatively and/or quantitatively distinct T cell activation events.

Here, we found a protective MHC-I haplotype, 90-10-Id (D), which is not associated with dominant Gag-specific CD8+ T-cell responses.

Depletion of CD8 cells was associated with an increased risk of rejection with either HLA-DRB1 disparity or with HLA-A or-B disparity.

After treatment, we found that the upregulation of PD-1 and T cell immunoglobulin mucin-3 (Tim-3) expression on CD4+ and CD8+ T cells was significantly associated with a poor clinical outcome in the HLA-A,2402-matched group (p = 0.033, 0.0282, 0.0046, and 0.0068, respectively).

Freshly isolated and purified CD8(+) cells when tested, also recognized the epitopes, as measured by IFN assay, when presented by transporter associated with antigen-processing (TAP) deficient T2 cells in an MHC-I restricted fashion.

CD8(+) T cells were found in lesions of responders associated with the presence of HLA-A2 molecules and tyrosinase.

Low CD8(+) T-lymphocytes were associated with HLA-A,03-A-A-T in Porto and Alabama patients but not in the greater series from Nord-Trøndelag.

A high CD8+ tumor infiltration was strongly associated with clinical benefit only when the tumors retained good expression of HLA-A and HLA-B/C (p=0.

This LLW-7I superagonist is an example of improved functionality in human CD8 T cells associated with optimized ligand rigidity for TCR binding and not with changes in TCR:pMHC off-rate kinetics.

Here, we report that Hsp60sp-specific CD8+ T cells killed malignant lymphocytes in vitro independently of transporter associated with antigen processing (TAP) and classical MHC-I expression.

Previous results from a genomewide association study of CRS were screened for polymorphisms in the CD8A, TAP1, TAP2, and TAPBP genes associated with MHC1 immunodeficiency syndrome.

tuberculosis reactive CD8 T cells typically recognize peptides associated to classical MHC class Ia molecules, but little information is available on CD8 T cells recognizing M.

Collectively, our studies have revealed a critical role of Vps34 in the regulation of CD8α+ DC homeostasis and in the capacity of these cells to process and present antigens associated with apoptotic cells to MHC class I-restricted T cells.

Taken together, our findings indicate that HCMV can downmodulate MHC class I expression in vivo, whereas cytokines originating from infiltrating immune effector cells probably up regulates MHC class I expression in noninfected bystander cells.

Differential abundance of cell surface MHC I in primary ECs is regulated via transcription of MHC I and of genes implicated in the generation of MHC I-binding peptides.

Here, we report that serum tests of sMICA and sMICB in conjunction with tumor measurements might be used to determine rates of shedding from a tumor and that treatment with a selected combination of histone deacetylase inhibitors (to upregulate cell surface MICA/B in some tumors), and metalloproteinase inhibitors (to block MICA/B shedding in others) can be incorporated to regulate cell surface MICA/B levels before immune cell therapy, significantly enhancing their effectiveness (either used alone or as carrier vehicles for oncolytic viruses).

Because this SNP affects MICA expression levels regulating MICA expression levels may be important in the prevention of HCC.

The human MHC class I chain-related gene A (MICA) plays a role in regulating protective responses by intestinal epithelial Vdelta1 gamma delta T cells and the polymorphism of MICA were reported to be related to several autoimmune diseases.

HLA-A3 and HLA-B7 class-I genes are differentially regulated in human T lymphoma Jurkat cells, at the transcriptional level, the expression of the HLA-B7 gene being selectively increased following alpha, beta or gamma interferon (IFN) treatment.

The RING domain of MEX-3C is not required for HLA-A2 cell surface downregulation, but regulates the degradation of HLA-A2 mRNA.

The RING domain of MEX-3C is not required for HLA-A2 cell-surface downregulation, but regulates the degradation of HLA-A2 mRNA.

Convergent CTCF insulator sites flanking the HLA-A gene promoter and the predicted transcriptional regulator, with apparent interaction between these sites, suggests this element regulates the HLA-A promoter.

To investigate whether HLA-C plays an independent role in regulating the development of trophoblasts, we explored the effect of HLA-C expression on placental development.

The expression of NK cell-intrinsic MHC class I has been shown to regulate the murine Ly49 family of MHC class I receptors due to the interaction of these receptors with NK cell MHC in cis.

The expression of surface MHCII-peptide complexes is tightly regulated as the frequency of MHCII-peptide complexes can affect the magnitude, as well as the phenotype of the ensuing CD4(+) T cell response.

Here we describe a multispectral imaging flow cytometry assay to visualize MHCII trafficking that can be used as a tool to dissect the molecular mechanisms that regulate MHCII homeostasis in primary mouse and human DCs.

We show for the first time, to our knowledge, that Arl8b localizes to MHC II compartments in DCs and regulates formation of MHC II-peptide complexes.

We recently found that the respective Atg proteins can contribute to MHC class I-restricted antigen presentation to CD8+ T cells by regulating MHC class I surface levels in mouse dendritic cell.

Thus, while SIV and HIV-1 Nef proteins use a similar mechanism to downregulate class I MHC expression, they have evolved different surfaces for molecular interactions with cell factors that regulate class I MHC traffic.

All HLA-C allotypes fall into two major KIR epitopes--C1 (HLA-C,01/,03/,07/,08/,12/,14/,16) and C2 (HLA-C,02/,04/,05/,06/,15/,17/,18)-- on the basis of a dimorphism at position 80 of the α1 domain.

Multicolor flow cytometry revealed that the HLA-C-inhibited NK cell subset in HLA-C1 homozygous subjects was larger and responded more rapidly in IFN-gamma secretion and CD107a degranulation assays than its counterpart in HLA-C2 homozygous subjects.

HLA-A,0201+ donors consistently responded to pentadecapeptides containing HLA-A,0201-binding epitope(aa495-503) NLVPMVATV.

T cell clones varied in the mean density of class I MHC molecules and the capacity to respond to mAb to class I MHC molecules.

T cells specific for the HLA-B57 peptide KAFSPEVIPMF responded more readily and to a higher extend to antigenic stimulation in vitro than T cells specific for the HLA-A2 peptide SLYNTVATL or the HLA-B8 peptide EIYKRWII.

Conversely, a dominant public TRAV27/TRBV19(+) TCRαβ was selected in HLA-A,0201(+) donors responding to M158 This public TCR cross-recognized naturally occurring M158variants complexed with HLA-A,0201.

Whereas HLA-B,18:01(+) individuals responded strongly and exclusively to the octamer peptide (173) SELEIKRY(180), HLA-B,44:03(+) individuals responded to the atypically large dodecamer peptide (169) EECDSELEIKRY(180), which encompasses the octamer peptide.

Modification of the 5 \ ends of the HLA-B7 and HLA-B27 genes before transfection in mouse L cells showed the presence of enhancer sequences responding to IFN treatment in the 5 \ untranslated region of the HLA-B7 but not of the HLA-B27 gene and suggested the presence of independently acting regulatory mechanisms independent of these enhancers.

However, sequence conservation in the alpha-helix of the first domain and a clustering of unique amino acids around the B pocket indicate that HLA-C alleles respond to antigenic pressures differently than HLA-A and HLA-B.

While HLA-B,3501(+) individuals responded most strongly to the (123) IPSINVHHY(131) and (366) HPTFTSQY(373) epitopes, HLA-B,3508(+) individuals responded preferentially to (103) CPSQEPMSIYVY(114) and (188) FPTKDVAL(195).

A total of 1160 multi-professional MHC staff in Norway responded to an online questionnaire about their experiences with different kinds of violation and humiliation in the MHC setting.

Mature T cells respond to antigenic nonself peptides bound to self-MHC molecules, but a sizeable fraction of peripheral T cells can also respond to nonself peptide-MHC (pMHC) complexes in the context of transplantation.

Adoptive transfer of allospecific transgenic CD4 T cells revealed a " split tolerance" status in mAAQ+ mice: T cells recognizing intact acquired MHC alloantigens proliferated, whereas those responding to allopeptide+self-MHC did not.

Embarking on a search for a conserved target of KIR2DS2, we show that HLA-C,0102 presents a different highly conserved peptide from the helicase motif 1 b region of related flaviviruses, including dengue, Zika, yellow fever, and Japanese encephalitis viruses, to KIR2DS2.

HLA-C and KIR genotype is strongly associated with response in HBeAg-positive CHB patients treated with interferon-based therapy.

HLA-A33 is associated with the achievement of SVR in Taiwanese CHC patients receiving combination therapy with pegylated interferon-alfa plus ribavirin.

HLA-B27 misfolding is associated with a typical unfolded protein stress response and with an interferon-response signature.

Finally, the atheroprotective effect of selective MHCII deficiency in pDCs was associated with significant reductions of proatherogenic T cell-derived interferon-γ and lesional T cell infiltration, and was abrogated in CD4(+) T cell-depleted animals.

In combination with other known response markers, HLA-C/KIR genotype could enable the selection of patients more likely to respond to interferon-based therapy.

Using plasmid transfection assays in HeLa cells, we also found that siRNA depletions of TTF2, FBXO11, PPP1R10, WDR82, and TOX3 enhanced Tat activation of an HIV-1 LTR-luciferase reporter, but the depletions did not enhance expression of an NF-κB reporter plasmid with the exception of PPP1R10.

A4-Corf8xA4-Norf8 crosses did not lead to the blister syndrome, suggesting that this requires physical linkage of the A4-NOrf8 and A4-COrf8 sequences.

The emergence of multiple SARS-CoV-2 strains with ORF8 deletions combined with evidence of a robust immune response to ORF8, suggests that the lack of ORF8 may assist with host immune evasion.

ORF8b appeared not to be expressed in SARS-CoV-infected cells or when expressed from mRNA\s mimicking mRNA8.

A 29 nucleotide deletion in open reading frame 8 (ORF8) is the most obvious genetic change in severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus (SARS-CoV) during its emergence in humans.

The high Ka/Ks ratio among human SARS-CoVs compared to that among SARSr-BatCoVs supported that ORF8 is under strong positive selection during animal-to-human transmission.

2 x35S-A4-Corf8 plants accumulate starch and show reduced growth like 2 x35S-A4-Norf8 plants but, in addition, display a novel set of characteristic growth modifications.

When 2 x35S-A4-Corf8 plants were crossed to starch-accumulating 2 x35S-A4-Norf8 plants with reduced growth, A4-Corf8 partially restored growth and reduced starch accumulation.

A gene disruption mutant in orf8, located upstream of aucA and whose product exhibits about 50 % similarity to a number of hypothetical membrane proteins found in many Gram-positive bacteria, was strongly affected in aureocin A53 externalization but resistant to aureocin A53, suggesting that Orf8 is also involved in aureocin A53 secretion.

Data on UEFs related to mechanism of injury (car, motorcycle, bicycle, and pedestrian) including associated injuries, multiple UEFs, and frequency of UEF were analyzed.

This study contributes the largest database on reported pediatric UEFs related to all mechanisms of injury in RTAs and finds the comparative epidemiology of associated injuries, multiple UEFs, and frequency of UEFs.

This study contributes the largest database on reported adult UEFs related to all mechanisms of injury in RTAs and finds the comparative epidemiology of associated injuries, multiple UEFs, and frequency of UEFs.

In this study, we found that the variant rs2516838 of USF1 was associated with NOA susceptibility (P = 0.02, OR = 1.436), and the haplotype TCG of the variants rs1556259, rs2516838, and rs2774276 of USF1 conferred an increased risk of NOA (P = 0.019, OR = 1.436).

The behavior of the dissociatively chemisorbed Zn precursors on the growth surface is of particular significance for the film deposition process, since the film growth is limited by the Zn deposition step.

Although there are many kinds of C2H2-type ZFs which have the same fold as Snail, nuclear import by direct recognition of importin β is observed in a limited number of C2H2-type ZF proteins such as Snail, Wt1, KLF1 and KLF8, which have the common feature of terminating in ZF domains with a short tail of amino acids.

UEF score (0.1 to 1.0) was developed using similar UEF parameters.

The amount of PPZ released was significantly lower from recrystallized PPZ films than from stable amorphous films.

Mechanistic consideration of NCZ formation indicates the iterative use of at least one module of the PKS, which subsequently releases its product by decarboxylation to generate an NCZ skeleton, possibly catalyzed by a type II thioesterase encoded by ORF7.

In the pH 4.5 and 6.8 medium, the EFZ release from the EFZ: ZIF-8 system obtained in ethanol was prolonged, releasing 95 % of the drug in 24 h at the pH 4.5 and 75 % medium at pH 6.8.

Conformational changes of d-glucose/d-galactose-binding protein (GGBP) were studied under molecular crowding conditions modeled by concentrated solutions of polyethylene glycols (PEG-12000, PEG-4000, and PEG-600), Ficoll-70, and Dextran-70, addition of which induced noticeable structural changes in the GGBP molecule.

LvPIAS could be induced by the transcription factor LvSTAT, but LvPIAS could inhibit the transcriptional activity of LvSTAT to the LvPIAS promoter conversely, which indicated that there was a negative feedback loop between LvSTAT and LvPIAS.

We found that Miz-1 was highly expressed in favorable NBLs and NLRR3 was induced by Miz-1 expression in NBL cells.

In this paper, we show that PIAS1 regulates ultraviolet (UV)-induced apoptosis by recruiting Death-associated protein 6 (Daxx) to PIAS1-generated SUMO-foci.

Furthermore, the exogenous expression of the IFN-gamma-induced protein guanylate binding protein 5 (GBP-5) is sufficient to induce a heightened susceptibility of RAW 264.7 cells to Salmonella-induced pyroptosis, and the endogenous expression of GBP-5 is important for this phenomenon.

Treatment of IRF-1% mice with IFN-gamma resulted in barely detectable levels of Gbp RNA in spleens, lungs, and livers, whereas such treatment induced high levels of Gbp RNA in the organs of wild-type mice.

Laparoscopic gastric bypass (GBP) induces a postoperative hypercoagulable state that is similar or reduced compared with open GBP.

Laparoscopic GBP induces a hypercoagulable state similar to that of open GBP.

It indicates that the recombinant GBP-SubA possesses the dual functions of GBP and SubA to induce cancer cell apoptosis specifically, revealing that GBP-SubA holds important implications for developing as an anti-cancer peptide drug.

The interferon-inducible GTPases, guanylate-binding proteins (GBP) 3 and GBP6, were induced in the 14-week WD group, and other GBP family members were moderately increased.

A large amount of work showed that GBP had good antibacterial activity and powerful protective effects against acute hepatic injury induced by carbon tetrachloride and alcohol, as well as antitumor activity, but the safety of GBP was not considered.

Moreover, the gene expression was more profoundly induced by GBP/pCMV-Luc than by pCMV-Luc in both the corpus cavernosum tissue of hypercholesterolaemic mice and in mouse cavernous endothelial cells, although the expression levels induced by the GBP gene delivery system were lower than those induced by the PEI25k gene delivery system.

gondiiIMPORTANCE Guanylate-binding proteins (GBPs) are induced by the inflammatory cytokine interferon gamma (IFN-γ) and have been shown to be important factors in the defense of the intracellular pathogen Toxoplasma gondii In previous studies, we showed that members of the mouse GBP family, such as mGBP2 and mGBP7, accumulate at the parasitophorous vacuole of T.

This indicates distinct mechanisms of action for acute GBP to mitigate induced AD whereas chronic GBP increases non-induced AD frequencies.

In conclusion, GBP administration during pregnancy could possibly affect the developing fetal brain and ginger may have ameliorating effect against the induced GBP neurotoxicity and should be taken in parallel.

By the cell apoptosis analysis, the results revealed that GBP-C60F-NE and GBP-C60F-FA-CS-GO-NCs could obviously induce MHCC97H cell apoptosis, especially high concentration GBP-C60F-FA-CS-GO-NCs had the strongest apoptosis inducing ability.

coli cells to GBP induced significant cell damage and inactivated intracellular esterases (stressed and dead cells, 70.9 % ± 0.04 for 200 μg/mL of GBP and 91.9 % ± 0.06 for 400 μg/mL of GBP), as determined through dual staining in flow cytometry.

The improved insulin release and glucose tolerance after GBP were shown by others to be blocked by the administration of a GLP-1 antagonist, demonstrating that the favorable metabolic changes after GBP are, in part, GLP-1 dependent.

Furthermore, we found that GBP (1-20 microM) administration inhibited the persistent sodium currents in dose-dependent manner, while the changes of K(+) and Ca(2+) current minimally contributed to the effect of GBP on oscillation and resonant behavior of DRG neurons.

In addition, GBP did not change the basal pain sensitivity and the motor impairment caused by the ITC lesion, suggesting selective action of GBP on the somatosensory system.

While many studies demonstrate the impact of glycan modification on GBP recognition and activity, the relative contribution of subtle changes in glycan structure on GBP binding can be difficult to define.

Both MITF and USF1 were activated by glycogen synthase kinase (GSK) 3, with GSK3 phosphorylation sites on USF1 identified as the previously described activating site threonine 153 as well as serine 186.

Interferon-γ up-regulates CEACAM1 mRNA by a mechanism involving further induction of IRF-1 and USF1 binding at the promoter.

The upstream stimulatory factor 1 (USF1) gene has been shown to play an essential role as the cause of familial combined hyperlipidemia, and there are several association studies on the relationship between USF1 and metabolic disorders.

Silence of USF1 increased the permeability of BTB duo to their interaction with the promoters of ZO-1, occludin, and claudin-5 in GECs.

Expression of exogenous USF1 induced the endogenous L-PGDS expression in TE671 cells, whereas administration of USF1 siRNA suppressed L-PGDS expression.

Knockdown of ZFAS1 significantly suppressed tumour proliferation, migration, invasion and USF1 expression.

In conclusion, ZFAS1 might promote cholangiocarcinoma proliferation and metastasis by modulating USF1 via miR-296-5p.

Moreover, the expression of USF1 in gastric cancer was higher than in normal control and LOXL1-AS1 negatively modulated USF1.

Thus, we have shown for the first time that CK2 phosphorylation of USF1 modulates two functionally important properties of USF1, namely hetero-dimerization and transactivation.

LDN193189 suppressed BMP15-induced phosphorylation of both p38 MAPK and USF1, whereas SB203580 suppressed the phosphorylation of USF1.

In this study, two isoforms of the porcine USF1 gene were detected by reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR), termed USF1 wild-type (wt) and USF1/CD, both of them contain a helix-loop-helix leucine zipper (HLH-LZ) conserved domain.

Runx1 is famous for its role in HSC emergence, and notorious for its involvement in leukemia, as chromosomal rearrangements and inactivating mutations in the human RUNX1 gene are some of the most common events in de novo and therapy-related acute myelogenous leukemia, myelodysplastic syndrome and acute lymphocytic leukemia.

Here we show that, in the chimeric protein, the second heterodimerization domain is created by the fusion junction, enabling the chimeric protein to interact with RUNX1 at far greater affinity than PEBP2beta and inactivate the RUNX1/AML1 function.

Two representative RUNX1/LPXN fusion proteins, RL and RLs, were both found to localize in the nucleus and could bring the CBFB protein into the nucleus like the wild-type RUNX1.

This arrangement suggests that RUNX1 could homodimerize to bring and hold together distant chromatin sites and factors and that if the dimerization region is removed by gene fusions or is altered by point mutations, as observed in leukemia, the ability of RUNX1 to regulate differentiation could be impaired.

Reminiscent of what is observed in AML, AML1-ETO specifically inhibited the differentiation of the blood cell lineage whose development depends on the RUNX factor Lozenge (LZ) and induced increased numbers of LZ(+) progenitors.

Symplekin cooperates with ZONAB to negatively regulate intestinal goblet cell differentiation, acting by repression of AML1 and KLF4.

Symplekin cooperates with ZONAB to negatively regulate intestinal goblet cell differentiation acting by repression of AML1 and KLF4.

MOZ acts as a transcriptional coactivator for AML1, which is essential for establishment of definitive hematopoiesis.

Using zebrafish, we developed a robust in vivo hematopoietic differentiation assay that reflects the activity of the oncogene AML1-ETO.

Although the AME-positive mice did not harbor Jak2 mutations, the BM of most of them had significantly higher levels of activated Stat3 than the controls.

These findings would be in accordance with the notion, raised previously for the mouse system, that TSLP leads to STAT-5 phosphorylation by activating other kinases than the JAKs.

At last, more importantly, the pharmacological inhibition of STAT5 abrogates the effects of IL-7 treatment on functional recovery, neuronal apoptosis and focal inflammatory response, suggesting that the effects of IL-7 treatment following SCI are dependent on activating the JAK/STAT5 pathway.

Interruption of IL-6/JAK/STAT3 pathway by a JAK inhibitor AZD1480 reverses the pro-metastatic effect of sevoflurane and the associated increase of both activated STAT3 and infiltrated CD11b+ cells in 4 T1 model.

Upon binding of cytokines to their receptors, Jaks are activated and phosphorylate the receptors, creating docking sites for signaling molecules, especially members of the signal transducer and activator of transcription (Stat) family.

These results raise the possibility that Jak-2 and Tyk-2 are both activated by v-Src, thereby contributing to the constitutive activation of STAT3 in the v-Src-transformed cells.

We demonstrate the capacity of signal transducer and activator of transcription 3 (STAT3) to activate Nox1\s transcription, as well as cooperative regulation by janus kinase 1 and 3 (JAK1 and JAK3).

These results lead us to propose that CIRP mediates the activation of STAT3-Bag-1/S signaling cascade via activating the JAKs and NF-κB signaling pathways.

Moreover, Jak2 was activated by LPS, which was followed by transcriptional factor Stat3 activation.

SpJAK significantly activated the STAT of S.

SpJAK significantly enhanced the activity of the promoter of the WSSV wsv069 gene that was activated significantly by SpSTAT by acting on the STAT-binding DNA motif.

We further demonstrated that JAK1 activated signal transducer and activator of transcription (STAT) 5 through regulation of its phosphorylation to bind to the promoter of CCAAT/enhancer binding protein (C/EBP) β, which could ultimately lead to a modulated adipogenic process.

JAK inhibitor regulated IFNα- and IFNγ-induced pSTAT-1Y701, pSTAT-3Y705, and protein inhibitor of activated STAT-3 (PIAS-3) in human SGECs as well as IFNγ-induced pSTAT-1Y701, pSTAT-3S727, and PIAS-1 in mouse SGECs.

whereas SOCS1 and SOCS3 selectively bind and inhibit JAK1 and gp130, respectively, PIAS1 targets mainly the activated STAT1 and prevents its binding to DNA.

Janus Kinase 2 (JAK2)/signal transducer of activated transcription (STAT3) phosphorylation were not affected by LS, but were increased by AngII infusion at 200 and 800 \240\ng/kg per minute.

Signal transducer and activator of transcription STAT5 and its upstream activating kinase JAK2 are essential mediators of cytokine signaling.

Detailed acute and chronic studies with the use of metabolic inhibitors revealed that both JAK/STAT3 and MEK/MAPK but not PI3-K/AKT/GSK-3β signaling pathways were activated by leptin, and that STAT3 (Y(705) P-STAT3) and MEK (T(202/) Y(204) P-ERK1/2) mediate these effects.

Here, we show that IFNγ/TNFα promotes the phosphorylation of STAT3 on Y705 residue in the cytoplasm of muscle fibers by activating JAK kinases.

The JAK1/JAK2/STAT1 and JAK1/TYK2/STAT3 pathways triggered by IFN-γ and IL-22, respectively, are aberrantly activated in psoriasis, as highlighted by the peculiar STAT1 and STAT3 signatures in psoriatic skin lesions.

The two AML1-MTG fusion proteins retaining both the Zinc fingers domains and the SBR, also display RNA-binding properties.

MOZ associates with AML1 (RUNX1), PU.

Suppression of AML1/MTG8 results in the increased expression of genes associated with myeloid differentiation, such as AZU1, BPI, CTSG, LYZ and RNASE2 as well as of antiproliferative genes such as IGFBP7, MS4A3 and SLA both in blasts and in cell lines.

Disruption of early endosome regulation inhibited Nef-dependent MHC-I downregulation, demonstrating that Nef hijacks the early endosome to sequester MHC-I within the cell.

JAK2 FISH studies revealed two types of JAK2 rearrangements among patients with Ph-negative MPDs and non-MPDs: gain and/or structural rearrangements.

JAK2 inhibition either by CYT387 (a JAK family inhibitor) or by silencing JAK2-expression revealed a dominant JAK2 mediated p65 phosphorylation pathway for NF-κB activation and resulted in NF-κB inhibition, which overrode the IκBα regulation via the IKK-2.

Pan-JAK inhibitor revealed marked reduction in IL-4 stimulated MUC4 levels and JAK3 selective inhibitor down-regulated MUC4 mRNA expression in a concentration-dependent fashion.

Mutations of the Drosophila Jak (Hopscotch) have revealed developmental defects, and constitutive activation of Jaks in flies and humans is associated with leukemia-like syndromes.

Co-immunoprecipitation experiments showed that SOCS1 mutations abolished JAK3 binding revealing a key role for SOCS1 in regulating JAK3/STAT5 signaling.

Analysis of the transposon common insertion sites identified genes involved in B-cell development (Zfp423) and the JAK/STAT signaling pathway (Jak1, Stat5 and Il2rb), while exome sequencing revealed somatic hotspot mutations in Jak1 and Jak3 at residues analogous to those mutated in human leukemias, and also mutation of Trp53.

Expression profiling of JAK2(V617F)-expressing cells treated with diverse JAK2 inhibitors revealed a shared set of transcriptional changes underlying pharmacological effects of JAK2 inhibition, including many STAT1-regulated genes and STAT1 itself.

Importantly, conditional deletion of JAK2 in NKp46+ cells had no effect on peripheral NK cells revealing that NK cell-intrinsic JAK2 is dispensable for NK cell survival.

Mutational status for JAK2, CALR, and MPL by MLPA revealed a total of 3/16 (18.7 %) patients positive for the JAK2 V617F mutation, 9 with CALR deletion or insertion and 1 positive for MPL mutation.

Our results demonstrate that activating JAK2 mutants can differentially couple to selective cytokine receptors and change the signaling repertoire revealing the molecular basis for phenotypic differences elicited by JAK2 (V617F) or mutations in exon 12.

Detailed studies using the Jak2 activation loop mutant uncover an essential scaffolding function of Jak2 within the IFNGR receptor complex and reveal that Jak1 can mediate a semi-redundant function for IFNGR signal transduction.

It displayed a JAK1/JAK2 inhibitor profile in biochemical assays, but subsequent studies in cellular and whole blood assays revealed a selectivity of ∼30-fold for JAK1- over JAK2-dependent signaling.

Inhibition of Janus kinases (Jaks) revealed that Jak causes pY-Stat3 activation independently of p14(ARF) levels, indicating that p14(ARF) controls the oncogenic function of pY-Stat3 downstream of Jak.

The 4382-and 7073 amino acid residue SARS-CoV replicase polyproteins are predicted to be cleaved into 16 subunits by two viral proteinases (bringing the total number of SARS-CoV proteins to 28).

We mapped the region of ORF6, which binds karyopherin alpha 2, to the C terminus of ORF6 and show that mutations in the C terminus no longer bind karyopherin alpha 2 or block the nuclear import of STAT1.

After the fifth round of biopanning with Escherichia coli-synthesized ORF6-His tagged protein, the relative binding affinity of phage clones to ORF6 was determined using direct enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay.

We also show that N-terminal deletions of karyopherin alpha 2 that no longer bind to karyopherin beta 1 still retain ORF6 binding activity but no longer block STAT1 nuclear import.

Percentages of CD3+, CD4+ and CD8+ cells, as well as the CD4+/CD8+ ratio, did not change after alpha-IFN, but the absolute numbers of CD3+ cells and CD8+ cells were significantly reduced.

In peripheral blood, CD8(+) lymphocyte-depletion changed the dynamics of CD4(+) T-cell loss, resulting in a more pronounced loss 2 weeks after infection, followed by a temporal rebound approximately 2 months after infection, when absolute numbers of CD4(+) T cells were restored to baseline levels.

Short-term use of thalidomide led to an intense transient increase in T cell activation and inflammation, with a decrease in the CD4+ cell count without changes to the CD8+ cell count.

The CD8+CXCR3+/CD8+CCR4+ ratio showed a more marked change associated with disease activity than CD4+ T cells in MS and NMO patients.

Finally, viral RNA harvested from mice with chronic demyelination was analyzed for mutations in the S specific CD4 T cell epitopes since changes resulting in escape from CD8 T cell surveillance were previously identified in these samples.

Multiple linear regression analysis for the association of CD4/CD8 ratio with changes in dosage of plasma products revealed that there was a significant positive association of CD4/CD8 ratio measured during 1987-1989 with dosage of factor VIII concentrate administered during 1984-1986 (P = 0.023), which is an indicator for changes in viral load, but not with changes in dosage of plasma products, which are indicators for changes in plasma protein intake.

The finding that the phenotype of CMV pp65-specific CD8 T cells in elderly individuals is similar to the predominant phenotype of CD8 T cells as a whole, suggests that CMV persistent infections contributes to the age-related changes observed in the CD8 T cell compartment, and that chronic stimulation by other persistent antigens also play a role in T cell immunosenescence.

As memory CD8+ T cells change throughout the human lifetime and across tissue compartments, we investigated how T cell receptor (TCR) composition and diversity relate to memory CD8+ T cells across anatomical sites and immunological phases of human life.

The chemo-sensitive group [ residual cancer burden (RCB) class I and II] showed the same pattern of change in intratumoral CD8+ TILs as the whole group, whereas the chemo-resistant group (RCB class III) showed no significant change in intratumoral CD8+ TIL infiltration after PST.

Tumor IDO1 expression and CD8+TILs within TME in paired specimens were evaluated by immunohistochemistry, and the changes of tumor IDO1 expression and CD8+TILs between the paired specimens were estimated.

The potential for modulation of cell-surface phenotype (CD8α expression) was associated with specific epigenetic changes at the Cd8a locus, was greater in central memory T cells than effector memory T cells, and was observed in endogenous memory cells of two TCR specificities.

CD8αα+ cells showed higher motility and larger morphological changes than CD8αα- cells.

Exhausted CD8+ T (Tex) cells in chronic infections and cancer have limited effector function, high co-expression of inhibitory\240\receptors and extensive transcriptional changes compared with effector (Teff) or memory (Tmem) CD8+ T cells.

Following stimulation with PPI, an increase in DMR+ CD8+ T cells, particularly the central-memory subset was observed in T1D group, whereas no significant change in DMR+ CD8+ T cell subsets was observed in LADA group.

These results show that the MHC region is involved in the genetic regulation of CD8(+) T-cell numbers in humans.

Disturbances of major histocompatibility complex class I (MHC I)-and II-related presentation pathways in IEC appear to be involved in an altered activation of CD4(+) and CD8(+) T cells in inflammatory bowel disease.

Our results indicate that inhibition of SIV replication by CD8(+) T cells from animals immunized with live attenuated SIV strains involves both MHC-restricted and-unrestricted mechanisms and that MHC-unrestricted inhibition of SIV replication is due principally to soluble factors other than RANTES, MIP-1alpha, and MIP-1beta.

Major histocompatibility complex class I chain-related B (MICB) is a membrane-bound glycoprotein involved in both innate and adaptive immunity through its interaction with NKG2D receptors present on γδ T, αβ CD8(+) T, and natural killer cells.

CD8+ T cell-mediated alloreactivity is generally believed to involve recognition of the alpha1/alpha2 domains of donor-type class I MHC molecules as well as the peptides they bind.

Host CD8 T cell response to viral infections involves recognition of 8-10-mer peptides presented by MHC-I molecules.

MHC class I molecules are predominantly involved in the presentation of antigens from viral proteins to CD8+ T cells of the immune system.

HLA-B,57 control of HIV involves enhanced CD8+ T cell responses against infected cells, but extensive heterogeneity exists in the level of HIV control among B,57+ individuals.

Although both proteasome forms generate peptides for presentation by MHC I molecules, the immunoproteasome is the main form involved in providing peptide fragments for priming CD8 T cells.

Here, we describe two such tools, NetMHCcons and NetMHCIIpan, for the prediction of peptide binding to MHC class I and class II molecules, respectively involved in the activation pathways of CD8+ and CD4+ T cells.

Cross-presentation, in which exogenous antigens are presented via MHC I complexes is involved both in the generation of anti-infectious and anti-tumoral cytotoxic CD8(+) T cells and in the maintenance of immune tolerance.

Cross-presentation, in which exogenous antigens are presented via MHC I complexes, is involved both in the generation of anti-infectious and anti-tumoral cytotoxic CD8(+) T cells and in the maintenance of immune tolerance.

Qa-2 and Qa-1 are murine nonclassical MHC class I molecules involved in the modulation of immune responses by interacting with T CD8(+) and NK cell inhibitory receptors.

Our results suggest that the high frequency MHC class I molecule, Mamu-B,01, is not involved in SIV-specific CD8+ T lymphocyte responses.

We investigated CD8+ T immune responses to BKV LTag portions involved in p53 binding in HLA-A,0201+ BKV LTag experienced individuals.

The canonical role of major histocompatibility complex class I (MHCI) molecules in antigen presentation involves the recognition of a short peptide of intracellular origin, bound to the upper surface of the class I molecule, by CD8(+) T lymphocytes.

Very recent data strongly indicate that HLA-Cw,0602 is the susceptibility allele in this locus, a finding that is consistent with the notion that the pathogenesis of psoriasis involves autoantigen recognition by epidermal CD8+ T lymphocytes.

These results indicate that the increased detection and visualization of peptide-HLA complexes in HAM/TSP CD4+ CD25+ T cell subsets that are shown to stimulate and expand HTLV-I Tax-specific CD8+ T cells may play an important role in the pathogenesis of HTLV-I-associated neurological disease.

In addition to CD8-mediated responses, survivin specifically stimulated CD4+ T-cell reactivity in peripheral blood lymphocytes from the same patients, thus suggesting that a complete activation of the immune system may occur in response to this antiapoptotic protein.

DNA vaccination induced higher IFN-γ production, mainly by CD8+ T cells, while rLiHyJ/saponin stimulated the production of this cytokine, mainly by CD4+ T cells.

These differences are unlikely to impact the efficacy of T cell functional response since IFNα2-DC and IFNβ-DC were equipotent in inducing the proliferation and the polarization of allogenic naïve CD4 T cells into Th1 cells and in stimulating autologous antigen specific CD4 or CD8 T cells.

Repetitive stimulations with HNE in 2 of 5 HLA-A,0201+ individuals increased PR1 tetramer-positive CD8+ T-cell frequencies from 0.1 % to 0.29 % and 0.02 % to 0.55 %, respectively.

Expression of human HLA-A,0201 in NSG-A2 recipient mice led to significantly increased numbers of human CD8(+) and CD4(+) T cells expressing the F5 TCR, compared with control NSG recipients.

We demonstrate that the previously reported associations with HLA-A and-B alleles are due to the presence of common long (up to 4 megabases long) haplotypes that increased in frequency recently due to positive selection and that encompass a region where a putative gene contributing to the setting of CD8+ T lymphocytes is located, in the neighbourhood of microsatellite locus D6S105, in the 6 p21.

HLA-B45,-B49, and-B50 were each found at a moderately increased frequency among individuals responding to HIV-1 infection with a marked circulating and infiltrative CD8 T-cell lymphocytosis, a slow rate of CD4 T-cell decline, very low frequency of opportunistic infections, and low viral strain heterogeneity.

HLA-B,27+ AS patients also showed an increased incidence of " public" CD8 TCRs, representing identical clonotypes emerging in response to common antigen encounters, including homologous clonotypes matching those previously isolated from individuals with bacterial-induced reactive arthritis.

The transcatheter arterial embolization therapy significantly decreased serum levels of soluble MICA, but not soluble MICB, and increased the NKG2D expression on natural killer cells and CD8-positive T cells.

The HLA-B,3906 and HLA-A,2402 class I genes confer increased risk and promote early disease onset, suggesting that CD8+ T cells that recognize peptides presented by these class I molecules on pancreatic β cells play a pivotal role in the autoimmune response.

Three peptides, derived from proteins generated in the immediate-early period of viral replication and restricted by HLA-Cw,0702, elicited strong immune responses, which increased substantially with age such that the average aggregate response represented 37 % of the CD8+ T-cell pool within donors above 70 years of age.

In contrast, we observed decreased HLA-A,-B, and-C expression (p = 0.036, p = 0.026, and p = 0.03, respectively) as well as increased ratios of CTLA-4, PD-1, Tim-3, and LAG3 to CD8A expression (p = 0.0064, p = 0.017, p = 0.033 and p = 0.0136, respectively) in stage I-II tumors with high neoAg frequencies.

Individuals with HLA-B,3501 have an increased risk of developing severe HPS, suggesting that CD8(+) T cell responses to SNV contribute to pathogenesis.

We have previously established that vaccine-induced CD8(+) T-cell responses against three immunodominant epitopes can increase the incidence of elite control in SIV-infected Mamu-B,08(+) rhesus macaques—a model of HLA-B,27-mediated elite control.

Inclusion of an MHC-class-II-restricted epitope in the lentiviral vector further increased the CD8 T\240\cell response and resulted in antigen-specific CD8 T\240\cells that exhibited a phenotype associated with functional cytotoxic T\240\cells.

It was noted that 6 hours of PLT reduced the expression of the CD14, MHC I and CD11b receptors, and increased the expression of CD86.

Non-vaccinated, IBV-challenged birds exhibited an increased percent of leukocytes, MHC I+/MHC IIhi expression, and IgM+ expression in the HG at 5 dpc, followed by increased mucosal IgA and serum IgG titers and CD8+ expression at 10-14 dpc.

In the DLNs, CD19(+) MHC-II(+) cells increased in rNEp/al-rNEp/lipo-rNEp groups post-both doses and CD11c(+) CD86(+) cells in the lipo-rNEp group.

Divergence between lethal and sublethal infections occurred as early as 2 days postinfection (dpi), at which point CD8+ T cells from lethally infected AGM expressed activated caspase-3 and simultaneously failed to increase levels of major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class II molecules, in contrast to surviving animals.

Disrupting the MuHV-4 K3, which degrades MHC class I heavy chains increased viral epitope presentation by infected lung alveolar macrophages and allowed CD8+ T cells to prevent disease.

In contrast, neither proliferation of CD8⁺ T cells nor increasing of TRAV7-2,02 was observed in major histocompatibility complex I (MHC I)-deficient Pd-APCs transferred to mice.

γδ T cells induced upregulation of MHC class I and CD54/ICAM-1 on CSC-like cells and thereby increased the susceptibility to antigen-specific killing by CD8+ T cells.

Further, we demonstrated that increasing the encoded antigen\s MHC-binding affinity led to increased PD-1 expression on antigen-specific CD8(+) T cells.

The amount of IFNγ produced ex vivo from T cells present in tumors after adoptive transfer of the CD8+ T cells was correlated with an increase in surface expression of MHC-I molecules by the tumor cells.

Immunohistochemical analysis of EGFR-mutated NSCLC specimens obtained before and after EGFR-TKI treatment also revealed down-regulation of phosphorylated forms of EGFR and ERK in association with up-regulation of MHC-I, an increased number of infiltrating CD8+ T cells, and increased PD-1 ligand 1 expression after such treatment.

In this study we have explored the consequences of boosting the efficacy of CD8+ T cells against HSV by increasing the amount of an MHC I-presented epitope on the surface of infected cells.

Dendritic cells that engulfed the apoptotic macrophages acquired an immunogenic phenotype that included upregulation of MHC-I increased expression of the costimulatory molecules, CD40, CD80, and CD86, and increased production of IL-12, IL-10, TNF-α, and TGF-β.

In the thymus, SIV infection resulted in depletion of CD4+CD8+ thymocytes, an increase in apoptosis of thymocytes, and a down-regulation of MHC class I molecules.

CD8+T cells from HIV-infected persons increase early in infection, display increased levels of activation Ags, and abnormal MHC-restricted, HIV-specific and nonspecific cytotoxicity abilities.

HIV-1 infection may initiate to an HLA-associated response designated diffuse infiltrative lymphocytosis syndrome, characterized by increased numbers of circulating CD8 T cells that infiltrate salivary glands, lungs, gastrointestinal tract, and kidneys.

Previous studies have suggested that individuals heterozygous at the MHC class I loci survive longer and/or progress more slowly than those who are homozygous at these loci, perhaps due to increased breadth of the CD8 T cell response.

It may reduce HLA-A defects increase CD8+ cell density and decrease T regulatory cell and M2 macrophage density.

HLA-A,0201(+) PTSD patients (n = 10) showed a significant increase of influenza-specific CD8 T cells after vaccination.

Encapsulation of MHC I epitopes in pH-triggered microparticles increases Ag presentation and may improve CD8(+) T cell priming to peptide vaccines against viruses and cancer.

In 8 consecutive human leukocyte antigen-A2 (HLA-A2)-positive HIV-1-infected individuals with Kaposi sarcoma, 2 cycles of this system resulted in more than 1 Log increases of specific anti-HIV and anti-KSHV CD8+ lymphocytes.

In addition, FasL derived from lung cancer cells can induce apoptosis of CD8(+) T-cells, and the frequency of this phenomenon is increased in small cell lung cancers without HLA-A2.

Collectively, these data suggest that targeting exon 7-encoded MHC-I cytoplasmic determinants in DC vaccines has the potential to increase CD8+ T-cell stimulatory capacity and substantially improve their clinical efficacy.

In HLA-B,3906+ children with T1D, we observed an increase in PPI5-12-specific transitional memory CD8+ T cells compared to non-diabetic, age- and HLA-matched subjects.

Expression of the HLA-B7(m alpha 3) molecules resulted in a 3-to 4-fold increase in peripheral CD8(+) T lymphocyte numbers compared to H-2 Cl I-a(-/-) knockout mice.

CD8(+) CD28(-) CD158a(+) T and CD56(+) CD158a(+) NK cells were significantly increased in HLA-C(Lys80) homozygous nonmetastatic patients, whereas only CD56(+) CD158a(+) NK cells increased in heterozygous ones.

Human immature dendritic cells (DCs) cultured in the presence of c-di-GMP showed increased expression of costimulatory molecules CD80/CD86 and maturation marker CD83 increased MHC class II and cytokines and chemokines such as IL-12, IFN-gamma, IL-8, MCP-1, IFN-gamma-inducible protein 10, and RANTES, and altered expression of chemokine receptors including CCR1, CCR7, and CXCR4.

CD8(+), FOXP3(+), and natural killer cells were increased in MHC-I heterozygous-incompatible SCNT pregnancies compared to homozygous SCNT and control pregnancies.

Moreover, they suggest that tumour-antigens endowed with the ability to target both HSPGs and MHC-II molecules could be of value to increase CD8(+) immune response and control tumour-growth, opening new perspectives for the design of highly immunogenic protein-based vaccines.

B cell-deficient Jh(-/-) mice were found to develop exacerbated neuroimmune responses as measured by enhanced accumulation and/or retention of CD8(+) T cells within the brain, as well as increased levels of microglial activation (MHC class II).

We further identified that FUS1-hIL-12 coexpression could induce strong antitumor immune response by secreting much higher levels of human interferon-γ (hIFN-γ) and hIL-15, enhancing expression of MHC-I and Fas increasing infiltration of activated human CD4+ and CD8+ T lymphocytes.

Flowcytometric analysis revealed increased numbers of T11TS treated brain infiltrating CD4+ and CD8+ T-lymphocytes along with increased MHC I and MHC II on microglia, activating the infiltrating lymphocytes aiding the killing mechanism.

In MHC-II KO mice, the growth of the TC-1 tumor was delayed in correlation with a strong increase in the intratumoral recruitment of CD8+ T-cells.

In particular, MC adjuvant-modified keratinocytes increased inflammatory cytokine secretion, upregulated surface MHC class I, and were able to increase in vitro and in vivo priming of antigen-specific CD8+ T cells.

Retrograde interferon gamma (IFN γ) signals are known to induce expression of major histocompatibility class I (MHC I) genes in murine axons, thereby increasing the susceptibility of these axons to attack by antigen-specific CD8+ T cells.

These CD8+ LN lymphocytes exhibited an increased expression of MHC class II and a decreased expression of leukocyte adhesion molecule-1, suggesting that they were activated, but interestingly did not express CD25 (IL-2 receptor).

Overall, these results indicate that vaccination with class I tumor peptides can induce HLA-DR-restricted CD4(+) T cells in vivo and elicit humoral immune responses, and that a cysteine-containing peptide can be recognized by CD4(+) T cells not only as a monomer, but also as a dimer.

A rare population of NY-ESO-1-specific T cells, which we named 19305 DP, expressed cell surface CD4, CD8α, and CD8β but not CD56 and recognized A,02+NY-ESO-1+ cancer cell lines in a CD4- and CD8-independent manner.

In individuals with human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) infection, CD4:CD8 lymphocyte ratio is often recognized as a quantitative outcome that reflects the critical role of both CD4(+) and CD8(+) T-cells in HIV-1 pathogenesis or disease progression.

While CD4(+) T lymphocytes usually recognize antigens in the context of major histocompatibility (MHC) class II alleles, occurrence of MHC class-I restricted CD4(+) T cells has been reported sporadically.

Although it is well established that CD4+ T cells generally recognize major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class II molecules, MHC class I-reactive CD4+ T cells have occasionally been reported.

These CD4(+) T cells recognize a panel of B27-transfected cell lines that are defective in Ag-processing pathways, but not the nontransfected parental cell lines, in a CD4-dependent fashion.

Two CD4+ TLC that recognized K pneumoniae (1 cross-reactive with E coli) as well as 3 TLC that recognized GroEL (2 CD4+, 1 T cell receptor gamma/delta+) were isolated from the SF of a patient with actige AS.

In response to cytomegalovirus (CMV) peptide (pp65) priming, CD4dimCD8bright cells recognized CMV pp65 tetramer approximately 19-fold higher than CD4-CD8+ T cells, indicating that these cells are capable of antigen-specific recognition to a far greater extent than CD4-CD8+ T cells.

In contrast, the mAb PG164A, not only exclusively reacted with CD4-/CD8high lymphocytes, but it also failed to recognize CD4/CD8 double positive lymphocytes.

A CD4-specific mAb (R275) and anti-vFC mAbs, designated F12-1, F13-6 and F18-4 that recognize the epitopes only appeared by the co-culture of env-transfected 293 FT and CD4-transfected 293 cells, were developed by immunizing ganp-gene transgenic mice with an vFC-like structure formed by the same co-culture.

NitraTh had enhanced ability to activate CD4+ T cells and can be recognized by CD4+ T cells with different HLA class II haplotypes.

CD4+ T cells recognized mycobacterial antigens exclusively in the context of the H2-A Class II molecule, and the level of IFN-γ-producing CD4+ T cells in the lungs was significantly higher in the resistant strain.

This can be provided by CD4 T cells that recognize alloantigen " indirectly" as self-restricted allopeptide, but this process remains unexplained, because the target epitopes for CD4 and CD8 T-cell recognition are " unlinked" on different cells (recipient and donor antigen presenting cells (APCs), respectively).

Using Be-loaded HLA-DP2-peptide tetramers, we identified Be-specific CD4(+) T cells in the mouse lung that recognize identical ligands as CD4(+) T cells derived from the human lung.

The tumor-recognizing CD4(+) T cells more efficiently recognized the short 8-9-mer peptides than the non-tumor-recognizing CD4(+) T cells.

In the murine model, the IA(b) M209 epitope of respiratory syncytial virus is recognized by both CD4(+) Treg and Teff cells, while the IA(b) M226 epitope is recognized almost exclusively by CD4(+) Teff cells expressing high avidity TCR Vβ8.

In 6 patients with metastatic epithelial cancer, this method led to the detection of CD4+ and CD8+ T cells targeting 18 and 1 neoantigens, respectively, compared with 6 and 2 neoantigens recognized by CD4+ and CD8+ T cells, respectively, when using our standard TIL fragment screening approach.

Cross comparison of mAbs specific for a subset of hamster T cells with a cross reactive mAb known to recognize CD4 in mice and one recognising CD8 revealed they recognize CD4.

The resulting gp140-miniCD4 (gp140-S-S-M64U1) complex was recognized by CD4i antibodies and the HIV-1 co-receptor, CCR5.

Compared with the wild-type Env, the I559P Env was recognized inefficiently by polyclonal sera from HIV-1-infected individuals, by several gp41-directed antibodies, by some antibodies against the CD4-binding site of gp120, and by antibodies that preferentially recognize the CD4-bound Env.

76 : 9888-9899, 2002) suggest that CD4BS antibodies recognize conformations of gp120 distinct from the CD4-bound conformation.

Upon binding to the host cell receptor CD4, gp120 assumes a conformation that is recognized by the second receptor, CCR5 and/or CXCR4, and by the CD4-induced (CD4i) antibodies.

These results indicate that CD4BS antibodies recognize conformations of gp120 different from that recognized by CD4 and CD4i antibodies.

The secreted 2 D CD4 recognized a conformation-dependent anti-CD4 antibody and bound HIV type 1 (HIV-1) gp120, suggesting that the expressed proteins adopted a native conformation.

Here, we report that incorporation of CD4 into HIV-1 viral particles affects Env conformation resulting in the exposure of occluded epitopes recognized by CD4-induced antibodies.

IMPORTANCE It has been well established that Env-CD4 complexes expose epitopes recognized by commonly elicited CD4-induced antibodies at the surface of HIV-1-infected cells, rendering them vulnerable to ADCC responses.

CD4+ and CD8+ CTL were examined to establish whether the same HIV-1 protein (Env, Gag or Pol) was recognized by both CD4+ and CD8+ CTL with MHC antigen restriction.

The mutant proteins lacking the N448 glycan did not effectively stimulate CD4 T cells specific for the nearby C4 epitopes, although the same mutants were recognized well by CD4 T cells specific for epitopes located in the distant C1 and C2 regions.

The survival correlated with the detection of memory CD8(+) splenocytes able to proliferate in vitro upon stimulation with M1 and to bind M1-loaded HLA-A2 dimers, as well as with M1-specific T cells in the lungs, which were directly cytotoxic to influenza-infected cells following influenza challenge.

Recent evidence from transgenic mouse models suggests that CD8 plays a critical role in TCR binding and activation by peptide-MHC complex multimers (tetramers).

A theoretical scheme is proposed by which the type-specific cell surface receptors of T-lymphocytes, CD8 and CD4 bind class I and II MHC proteins in a similar manner.

The scheme has equivalent residues in the C\/C\\ loop-C\\ strand-C\\/D loop region in domain 1 of CD4 and CD8 alpha binding to equivalent residues in the C and D beta-strands and C/D loops in HLA-DR beta 2 (class II) and HLA-A2 alpha 3 (class I) respectively through a series of electrostatic, hydrogen and hydrophobic bonds.

Those who maintain a strong CD4+ T-cell response to CMV are also likely to maintain higher frequencies of CD8+ T cells capable of binding to HLA-A,0201-CMV pp65 (A2-pp65) tetramers as well as responses to pp65 peptide stimulation with effector cytokine production.

CD8 T cells binding to tetramers complexed to HIV gag epitope SLYNTVATL and reverse transcriptase epitope YTAFTIPSI were identified in 9 of 15 and 5 of 12 HLA-A2-expressing seropositive subjects at frequencies of 0.1 % to 1.1 % and 0.1 to 0.7 %, respectively.

The cell surface molecules CD4 and CD8 greatly enhance the sensitivity of T-cell antigen recognition, acting as " co-receptors" by binding to the same major histocompatibility complex (MHC) molecules as the T-cell receptor (TCR).

CD4 and CD8 are thought to function as coreceptors by binding to the cognate major histocompatibility complex (MHC) molecules recognized by the T cell antigen receptor (TCR) and initiating the signal transduction cascade.

Thus, our studies revealed disparate requirements for CD8 coreceptor expression in the thymus for selection of a T cell repertoire responsive to foreign MHC and to antigenic peptides bound to self-MHC, providing a novel demonstration of positive selection that is dependent on human CD8.

tuberculosis (protein) targets to elicit a CD8(+) or CD4(+) T-cell response is to gauge the binding of candidate peptides to major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class I or class II molecules, a prerequisite for successful peptide presentation and to expand antigen-specific T cells.

The level of CD8(+) T cells capable of binding tetramers for the tumor-associated antigen survivin, which is overexpressed in both cancer types, was enumerated in HLA-A,0201 patient samples.

Coagonism in human T cells requires the CD8 coreceptor, but not T-cell receptor (TCR) binding to the nonstimulatory peptide-MHC.

KIRs are regulatory receptors expressed at the surface of NK and CD8+ T-cells that specifically bind HLA-A and-B alleles belonging to the Bw4 supratype and all the-C alleles expressing the C1 or C2 supratype.

The components utilized to construct the minigenes included CD8+ T cell epitopes and (or) anchor modified analogs that were selected on the basis of their predicted binding to HLA-,A0201, their uniqueness in the human proteome, and the likelihood of cancer cell natural processing and presentation via MHC-I.

This work demonstrates the feasibility of using this platform approach with a CD8(+) epitope that binds HLA-B7 and tests the biological activity of potentially protective peptides restricted by human major histocompatibility complex (HLA) class I molecules in HLA transgenic mice.

Inhibitory killer Ig-like receptors (KIR), expressed by human natural killer cells and effector memory CD8(+) T-cell subsets bind HLA-C molecules and suppress cell activation through recruitment of the Src homology 2 domain-containing protein tyrosine phosphatase 1 (SHP-1).

The V beta 10-restricted CD8+ T cell response to a defined immunodominant epitope was dramatically reduced in V beta a compared with V beta b mice, as measured either by the expansion of V beta 10 + cells or by the binding of MHC-peptide tetramers.

Five patients developed CD8+ cells binding gp100(280-288) HLA-A2-restricted tetramer.

CD8(+) T cells binding HLA-A,0201/MART-1 pentamers were detected already after 12 days of co-culture in 11/11 donors.

We present evidence that CD8 not only modifies the affinity of cognate TCR/pMHCI binding by altering both the association rate and the dissociation rate of the TCR/pMHCI interaction, but modulates the sensitivity (triggering threshold) of the TCR as well, by recruiting TCR/pMHCI complexes to membrane microdomains at a rate which depends on the affinity of MHCI/CD8 binding.

Finally, we determined whether OOF-specific CD8+ T cells could be found in the peripheral blood of CML patients and whether they could acquire effector function following in vitro sensitization with OOF-derived peptides predicted to bind to human leucocyte antigen (HLA)-A2 and HLA-A3 molecules.

pneumoniae elementary bodies and assessment of effector CD8+ T cells allowed us to identify which of the epitopes binding to HLA-A2 in vitro were recognized by C.

Furthermore, a tetrameric HLA-A,0201 complex built with the cruzipain 60-68 peptide that was frequently recognized in the periphery also bound to CD8+ T cells from a heart-infiltrating T cell line obtained from a single patient with Chagas disease cardiomyopathy.

In two A,0206+ donors with CD8+ T-cell response to the peptide, the CD8+ T-cell frequency assessed by specific binding of peptide HLA-A,0201 tetramer was 4.62 % and 1.66 %, respectively.

The CD8 coreceptor of cytotoxic T lymphocytes binds to a conserved region of major histocompatibility complex class I molecules during recognition of peptide-major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class I antigens on the surface of target cells.

The human CD8 functions as a co-receptor for specific T cell recognition, and only one complex structure of human CD8αα binding to HLA-A,0201 has been solved, revealing the molecular basis of CD8 interacting with its ligand pHLA.

A population of CD3+CD8+ T lymphocytes binding to HLA-A,0201/TMFPHIIVDV pentamers was identified in two HLA-A,0201-positive donors.

We isolated CD8+ T-cell clones binding to peptide-MHC-tetramers composed of HLA-A,02:01 and CD20-derived peptide SLFLGILSV (CD20SLF) from HLA-A,02:01neg healthy individuals to overcome tolerance towards self-antigens such as CD20.

CD8(+) T cell immunodominant epitopes of α-NAC were mapped by applying prediction softwares, and binding affinity was confirmed by stabilization of empty MHC complexes.

This indicates that the substitution at residue 228 affects recognition of CD8-dependent CTL but does not critically affect binding of CD8 to MHC class I molecules, although residue 224 abrogates binding of CD8.

CD8(+) CTL analysis revealed the HTLV-1 Tax peptide sequence to completely lack anchor motifs of peptides binding to HLA-A,26B,4002, and B,4006 molecules but to possess one anchor for HLA-B,4801, while the HTLV-1 Env peptide sequence had many anchor motifs for HLA-A,26, B,4002, B,4006, and B,4801 molecules.

Blocking CD8 binding using alpha3 domain mutants of MHC class I results in much reduced signaling and reduced killing of the targets.

In this study, we investigated the CD8(+) T cell response to the BZLF1 Ag of EBV, which includes overlapping sequences of different size that nevertheless conform to the binding motif of the large and abundant HLA-B,44 supertype.

The canonical role of major histocompatibility complex class I (MHCI) molecules in antigen presentation involves the recognition of a short peptide of intracellular origin bound to the upper surface of the class I molecule, by CD8(+) T lymphocytes.

We present immunological and structural analyses of cross-reactive CD8(+) T-cell-mediated immunity directed at a variable (although highly cross-reactive) immunodominant NP(418-426) peptide that binds to a large B7 family (HLA-B,3501/03/0702) found throughout human populations.

Major histocompatibility complex class I-restricted CD8 clones proliferated and secreted IFNγ following abacavir binding to surface and endogenous HLA-B57 : 1.

Cluster of differentiation 8 (CD8) is expressed in cytotoxic T cells, where it functions as a co-receptor for the T-cell receptor by binding to major histocompatibility complex class I (MHCI) proteins, which present peptides on the cell surface.

The T cell surface glycoprotein CD8 enhances T cell antigen recognition by binding to MHC class I molecules.

We show that human CD8 alphaalpha binds to the MHC class I molecule HLA-A2 with an extremely low affinity (Kd approximately 0.2 mM at 37 degrees C) and with kinetics that are between 2 and 3 orders of magnitude faster than reported for T cell receptor/peptide-MHC interactions.

Furthermore, CD8 alphaalpha had no detectable effect on a T cell receptor (TCR) binding to the same peptide-MHC class I complex.

The tetrameric MHC-peptide complexes specifically bound to the reactive T-cell clone and 0.79 % of CD8(+) T cells in peripheral blood from a seropositive donor.

CD8(+) T cells responding to the 9-mer epitopes were visualized within fresh blood by ELISPOT using free peptide or by binding of HLA-A,0201 tetrameric complexes.

Class I major histocompatibility complex (MHC-I) bound peptide ligands play a major role in dictating the specificity and activation of CD8+ T cells and hence are important in developing T cell-based immunotherapies.

This was demonstrated by the observation that histocompatibility 2, Q region locus 10 (H2-Q10) is a high-affinity ligand for CD8αα which also binds the MHC-Ib molecule H2-TL.

Measurable CD8+ T cell responses elicited by model or viral antigens are always directed against epitopes possessing strong binding affinity for the restricting MHC I alleles.

CD8+ T cells can detect and destroy malignant cells by binding to peptides presented on cell surfaces by MHC (major histocompatibility complex) class I molecules.

The coreceptor CD8αβ can greatly promote activation of T cells by strengthening T-cell receptor (TCR) binding to cognate peptide-MHC complexes (pMHC) on antigen presenting cells and by bringing p56Lck to TCR/CD3.

As experimentally mapping an optimal CD8 T-cell epitope is a tedious procedure, many bioinformatic tools have been developed that predict which peptides bind to a given MHC molecule.

Despite this difference, human, RM, and MCM MHC-E molecules were expressed at similar levels across immune cell subsets, equivalently upregulated by viral pathogens, and bound and presented identical peptides to CD8+ T cells.

I suggest that double (CD4+ CD8+)-positive (DP) developing thymocytes compete with their αβTCRs for binding to self-pMHC on cortical thymic epithelial cells (cTECs) that present a selected set of tissue-restricted antigens.

Class I major histocompatibility complex (MHC-I)-bound peptide ligands dictate the activation and specificity of CD8+ T cells and thus are important for devising T-cell immunotherapies.

Here we present a model of viral evasion from CD8 T cell immuno-surveillance by a lymphocytic choriomeningitis virus (LCMV) escape mutant with an epitope for which TCR affinity for pMHC remains high but where the antigenic peptide binds sub optimally to MHC.

Using NTAmers that were deficient for CD8 binding to pMHC, we found that CD8 itself stabilized the TCR-pMHC complex, prolonging the dissociation half-life several fold.

MHC class I (MHC-I)-bound ligands play a pivotal role in CD8 T cell immunity and are hence of major interest in understanding and designing immunotherapies.

We have reported previously that the cytolytic activity of murine CD8(+) cytotoxic T lymphocytes (CTL) specific for HIV-1 gp160 envelope glycoprotein was markedly inhibited by brief exposure to the free minimal antigenic peptide (I-10: 10 mer peptide from gp160) by direct binding to class I MHC molecules of specific CTL in the absence of antigen-presenting cells (APC).

Because the BB-1-positive fibers expressed MHC-class I antigen and bound to up-regulated counterreceptors CD28 and CTLA-4 on the autoinvasive CD8+ T cells only in PM, HIV-PM, and s-IBM, the BB-1 molecule in these diseases should have a functional role in antigen presentation and T cell differentiation.

Further, seven CD8(+) T cell responses were defined by identifying peptide binding motifs of the three most frequent MHC-I transcripts on the M3 haplotype.

As a T-cell co-receptor, CD8 binds to MHC class I molecules and plays a pivotal role in the activation of cytotoxic T lymphocytes.

As a co-receptor, CD8 can bind to the alpha3 domain of the same MHC class I molecules as the TCR to facilitate TCR signaling.

CD8+ T cells recognize MHC class I molecules and after activation produce proteins that destroy infected cells.

CD8+ cytotoxic T lymphocytes recognize intracellularly synthesized viral proteins that have been degraded into peptides through the endogenous pathway, and presented on MHC class I molecules at the surface of virus-infected cells.

After DNA vaccination, murine CD8(+) T cells recognizing MAGE-A4(143-151) or SAGE(715-723) in an HLA-A2402-restricted manner became detectable.

Furthermore, T-cell clones isolated from these cultures showed both CD8(+) and CD4(+) transduced T cells could recognize HLA-A2(+) melanoma cells, giving us the possibility of engineering class I MHC-restricted effector and T helper cells against melanoma.

We describe for the first time an HLA-A31 (A,31012)-restricted natural antigenic peptide recognized by the CD8 CTL TcHST-2 of gastric signet ring cell carcinoma cell line HST-2.

Using an HHD model in which HLA-A2(neg) tumor (MC38 colon carcinoma or B16 melanoma) cells are not recognized by the CD8(+) T cell repertoire, we now show that vaccines on the basis of tumor-associated blood vessel Ags (TBVA) elicit protective Tc1-dependent immunity capable of mediating tumor regression or extending overall survival.

We could not detect any increases in CD8+ T cells specifically recognizing HLA-A(,) 201-restricted melanoma epitopes in the peripheral blood.

However, when these TCRs were expressed in CD8- Jurkat cells, the resulting Jurkat cells recognized gp100:209-217 peptide loaded T2 cells and had high functional avidity, but could not recognize HLA-A2+ melanoma cells expressing gp100.

HLA can be divided into (HLA-A, B, and C) which are encoded by class I MHC and are expressed on all cell types and present peptides derived from the cytoplasm and are recognized by CD8+ T cells.

The failure of postvaccination HER2369-377-specific CD8(+) T cells to recognize HLA-A2(pos) HER2/neu-expressing cells in vitro, however, has been attributed to impaired MHC class I/HLA-A2 presentation observed in HER2/neu-overexpressing tumors.

We now show that MAGE-A6172-187 and, even more so, HF-2216-229, induce memory CD8+ T cells that recognize HLA-A2+ MAGE-A6+ tumor target cells.

These results indicate that CD8+ CTL clones that use different TCR and demonstrate two distinct serotype specificities recognize the same 9-mer peptide in the context of HLA-B35.

Decidual CD8(+) T cells are the main candidates to recognize and respond to fetal HLA-C at the fetal-maternal interface, but data on the characteristics of these cells are limited.

Specifically effective cytotoxic CD8+ T‑cell populations are also formed, which recognize viral epitopes as pathogen-specific patterns in combination with MHC presentation on the cell surface of virus-infected cells and destroy these cells.

The major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class I-related molecules A (MICA) is a stress-inducible cell surface antigen that is recognized by intestinal epithelial Vdelta1 gammadelta T cells, natural killer (NK) cells and CD8(+) T cells with NKG2D receptor participating in the immunological reaction in the intestinal mucosa.

NKG2D is a major activating immunoreceptor expressed in not only NK cells but also CD8+ T cells and shows cytotoxicity against tumors by recognizing its ligands major histocompatibility complex class I-related chain A and B (MICA and MICB) on tumor cells.

MICA is a stress-induced major histocompatibility complex-related molecule expressed on normal intestinal epithelial cells (IECs) and recognized by the NKG2D-activating receptor on CD8(+) T cells, gammadelta T cells, and natural killer cells.

Previous studies have shown that MICA and MICB are expressed on the surface of cells in response to infection, where they are recognized by the NKG2D receptor on gammadelta T cells, CD8+ alphabeta T cells and natural killer cells, all of which contribute to defense against mycobacteria.

MICA protein is up-regulated on different tumor cells, and is recognized by the lectin-like NKG2D molecule expressed by cytotoxic gammadelta T lymphocytes, CD8+ alphabeta T lymphocytes, and NK cells.

MICA-expressing cells are recognized by natural killer (NK) cells, CD8+ abTCR and gdTCR T lymphocytes through the NKG2D receptor.

This mechanism in NK cells is based on the release of granzymes, which activate apoptosis in target cells, while CD8+ NKG2D+ T lymphocytes recognize the noncanonical MicA antigen on the surface of virus-containing cells and kill them via the FasL-Fas interaction, triggering the apoptotic or necroptotic cell death pathway.

Peptide Ags presented by class I MHC molecules on human melanomas and that are recognized by CD8(+) T cells are the subjects of many studies of antitumor immunity and represent attractive candidates for therapeutic approaches.

Midgut carcinoid patients have increased frequencies of peripheral blood CD8(+) T cells recognizing a pool of HLA-A,0201 peptides derived from these proteins compared to healthy age-matched individuals.

Using cytokine flow cytometry, we have defined four novel HLA-A,02-restricted dengue viral epitopes recognized by up to 1.5 % of circulating CD8+ T cells in four donors after primary vaccination.

NY-ESO-1 protein can be processed by HCC cells, and that HLA-A2 restricted NY-ESO-1b peptide (157-165) can also be presented on the surfaces of cells and recognized by NY-ESO-1b specific CD8(+) T cells in vitro induced.

Furthermore, we were able to identify two HLA-A2 restricted NY-BR-1 epitopes (p158-167 and p960-968) that are recognized by CD8+ T cell clones (NW1100-CTL-7 and NW1100-CTL-43, respectively), as determined by ELISPOT analysis and tetramer staining.

In this study, we showed identification of HLA-A24-binding OY-TES-1 peptide, TES(401-409) (KTPFVSPLL) recognized by CD8 T-cells.

Using HLA class I multimers, we have identified a high frequency of peripheral CD8+ T cells that recognize a peptide derived from the self protein cytokeratin 18 presented by the HLA-A,0201 molecule.

We reported previously a HLA-A24-restricted antigenic peptide, survivin-2B80-88 (AYACNTSTL)  recognized by CD8(+) CTL.

Cytomegalovirus (CMV)-specific immune reconstitution early after stem cell transplantation (SCT) was evaluated prospectively by detecting CD8+ T-cells, which recognize the peptide QYDPVAALF in the context of HLA-A,2402.

Nevertheless, CD8(+) T cells recognizing Chlamydia Ags in the context of MHC class I molecules are primed during infection.

Thus, the purpose of this study was to identify HLA-A2-restricted mammaglobin-A-derived epitopes recognized by CD8+ cytotoxic T lymphocytes (CTL).

A small subset of this panel of CD8+ CTL can recognize a mutant HLA-A2 molecule in the absence of hapten.

Tumor-associated, MHC-restricted peptides recognized by tumor-specific CD8(+) lymphocytes, are desirable targets for novel approaches in immunotherapy because of their highly restricted fine specificity.

This was reflected in restricted and conserved TCR usage by CD8(+) T cells recognizing individual HLA-A2- and HLA-B57-restricted viral epitopes in HIV-1, with limited plasticity in their response to amino acid substitutions within these epitopes.

We have produced soluble T cell receptor (TCR) derived from a human CD8(+) cytotoxic T lymphocyte (CTL) clone D3 that recognizes the immunodominant HIV Gag peptide SLYNTVATL (SL9) in association with major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class I protein HLA-A2.

Here we report the identification of an immunodominant HLA-A,0201-restricted epitope that is recognized by cytotoxic CD8(+) T cells and conserved among Orthopoxvirus species including variola virus.

CD8+ T cells capable of recognizing the self-peptides in the context of HLA-A,0201 were detectable at low basal levels in the neonatal and adult human T cell repertoire, but were functionally silent.

We here analyze the fine specificity of these responses and describe an HLA-A2-restricted epitope, NY-ESO-1 peptide 159-167 (L9L), which is strongly recognized by CD8(+) T cells as a result of peptide vaccination of cancer patients.

CD8+ T-lymphocytes recognize peptides in the context of major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class I antigens.

Most immune responses to viral infections involve CD8+ T cells recognizing viral peptides of typically 9-10 amino acids in the groove of major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class I.

Of these CD8+ T-cell lines, two were able to recognize the human melanoma cell line, SK-MEL-37, in a context of HLA-A,02.

CD8(+) T cells recognize infected or dysregulated cells via the clonotypically expressed αβ TCR, which engages Ag in the form of peptide bound to MHC class I (MHC I) on the target cell surface.

Our group identified an HLA-A24-restricted antigenic peptide, survivin-2B80-88 (AYACNTSTL), that is recognized by CD8 + CTLs and functions as an immunogenic molecule in patients with cancers of various histological origins such as colon, breast, lung, oral, and urogenital malignancies.

Human PR3/HNE-specific CD8(+) T cells predominantly recognize a nonameric HLA-A2-restricted T-cell epitope called PR1 which is conserved in both Ags.

However, CML patients have CD8(+) T cells in peripheral blood recognizing an additional HLA-A2 epitope termed PR2.

CD8(+) T cells recognize immunogenic peptides presented at the cell surface bound to MHCI molecules.

No CD8(+) T-cell epitopes have been described for CT-7, so we used a combination of reverse immunology and immunization of HLA-A2 transgenic mice with a novel cell-based vaccine to identify three immunogenic epitopes of CT-7 that are recognized by human CD8(+) T-cells.

Of note, IFN-DCs loaded with apoptotic LCL were more potent than fully mature DCs in triggering the cytotoxicity of CD8(+) T lymphocytes recognizing a subdominant HLA-A,0201-restricted epitope derived from EBV latent membrane protein 2 (LMP2).

Eight out of 11 predicted HLA-A2 binders showed a high binding affinity and five of them were recognized by CD8+ T cells from patients with hepatitis A.

Phosphorylated peptides presented by MHC molecules represent a new class of neoantigens expressed on cancer cells and recognized by CD8 T-cells.

Finally, MHC tetramer staining of peripheral blood mononuclear cells from HLA-matched donors shows that the two neoepitopes are recognized by CD8+ T cells.

These peptides bound HLA-A,02:01 in vitro and were recognized by CD8+ T cells.

Here we show that CD8+ T cells use many distinct TCRs to recognize HLA-A2-M1, which enables the use of different structural solutions to the problem of specifically recognizing a relatively featureless peptide antigen.

Y(135) F viruses carry the 2 F mutation within RW8 and RF10, which are two HLA-A(∗) 24 : 2-restricted superimposed Nef epitopes recognized by distinct and adaptable CD8(+) T\240\cell responses.

To identify target antigens presented by human leukocyte antigen (HLA)-A,02:01 to the myelin-reactive human T-cell receptor (TCR) 2 D1, which was originally isolated from a CD8+ T-cell clone recognizing proteolipid protein (PLP) in the context of HLA-A,03:01, we employed a new antigen search technology.

The TcTLE peptide (TLEEFSAKL) is a CD8(+) T cell HLA-A,0201-restricted epitope derived from the Trypanosoma cruzi KMP-11 protein that is efficiently processed, presented and recognized by CD8(+) T cells from chagasic patients.

Abs bind to unprocessed Ags, whereas cytotoxic CD8(+) T cells recognize peptides derived from endogenously processed Ags presented in the context of class I MHC complexes.

CD8 T cells specific for these epitopes are able to recognize and lyse human breast cancer cells in a MAM-A-specific, HLA-A2-dependent fashion.

Moreover, we identify HLA-A,0201-restricted sequences derived from MO-TES391 and KIAA1864, which are specifically recognized by human cytotoxic CD8(+) T cells.

A CD8(+) cytotoxic T lymphocyte (CTL) clone that recognizes a novel HLA-B,2705-restricted H-Y antigen encoded by the DDX3Y gene was isolated from a male who had received a hematopoietic cell graft from his human leukocyte antigen (HLA)-identical sister.

CD8+ cytotoxic T lymphocytes (CTLs) contribute to the control of viral infections by recognizing peptides of viral proteins presented by MHC class I molecules on infected cells.

CD8+ cytotoxic T lymphocytes (CTL) recognize peptide antigens in the context of class I MHC antigen molecules.

In the absence of clearly defined " arthritogenic" bacterial or self peptides that are presented by HLA-B27 and recognized by such CD8+CTL, one approach has been to investigate the T cell repertoire of lesional cellular infiltrates by determining T cell receptor (TCR) variable (V) gene segment frequencies.

We recently reported that dengue virus-specific CD8+ CTLs of two different serotype specificities, which were established by stimulation with dengue virus recognize a single nine-amino acid peptide of the nonstructural protein NS3 of dengue virus type 4 (D4V) in an HLA-B35-restricted fashion.

However, it was possible to isolate one cytotoxic CD8+ alphabeta T cell clone recognizing the EBV protein LMP2 presented by HLA-B molecules on TAP-deficient cells.

We conclude that HLA-B7-restricted islet epitopes display weak HLA-binding profiles, are different in T1D children and adults, and are recognized by IFN-γ(+) TGF-β(+) CD8(+) T cells.

To better understand the qualitative features of effective human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)-specific immunity, we examined the TCR clonal composition of CD8(+) T cells recognizing conserved HIV p24-derived epitopes in HLA-B,5701-positive long-term nonprogressors/elite controllers (LTNP/EC) and HLA-matched progressors.

A previous screening of the chlamydial genome for putative HLA-B27 ligands predicted multiple peptides that were recognized in vitro by CD8(+) T-lymphocytes from patients.

To define the role of individual T-cell receptor (TCR) clonotypes in differential antiviral CD8+ T-cell function, we performed detailed functional and mass cytometric cluster analysis of multiple CD8+ T-cell clones recognizing the identical HLA-B,2705-restricted HIV-1 epitope KK10 (KRWIILGLNK).

The contribution of TCR clonotype to inhibitory potency was investigated by delineating the responsiveness of effective and ineffective CD8+ T-cell clones recognizing the identical HLA-B,2705-restricted HIV-1 Gag-derived peptide, KK10 (KRWIILGLNK).

Because the low resolution of standard HLA-C typing could explain the significant number of positive cytotoxic T lymphocyte precursor frequency (CTLpf) tests found among HLA-AB-subtype, DRB1/B3/B5-subtype matched patient/donor pairs, we have identified by sequencing the incompatibilities recognized by CD8+ CTL clones obtained from such positive CTLpf tests.

CD8+ T cells could directly recognize fetal-specific antigens, such as HLA-C, expressed by trophoblasts.

CD8+ T cells are the main candidates to recognize and respond to fetal HLA-C at the fetal-maternal interface, but data on the amount of peripheral CD8+ T cells and their functions during the window of implantation in recurrent implantation failure (RIF) patients are limited.

Selective elimination of virus-infected hepatocytes occurs through virus-specific CD8 T-cells recognizing peptide-loaded MHC molecules.

Here we report that activation of regulatory CD8 T cells (CD8 Treg) that recognize the Qa-1 class Ib major histocompatibility complex (MHC), a mouse homolog of human leukocyte antigen-E (HLA-E), inhibits antibody-mediated immune rejection of heart allografts.

Furthermore, we provide evidence for a lung cancer-associated, MHC class I-bound peptide antigen(s) that reconstitutes the epitope recognized by a lung cancer specific CD8(+) T cell line derived from a patient with lung cancer.

CD8-positive cytotoxic T cells (CTL) recognize antigenic peptides in combination with major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class I molecules on the surface of syngeneic antigen presenting cells (APC).

Tumor antigens presented by major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class I molecules and recognized by CD8(+) cytotoxic T lymphocytes (CTLs) may generate an efficient antitumor immune response after appropriate immunization.

Then they expose at their cell surface their own MHC class I molecules complexed with tumor cell epitopes, which are recognized by the T cell receptors of specific CD8+ T cells.

We identify epitopes derived from distinct major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class II molecules, sharing a 7-amino acid consensus sequence positioned in a central mobile section in complex with MHC class I recognized by cross-reactive CD8+ Tregs, enriched in the graft.

In experimental rodent models, rejection requires differentiation of naive CD8+ T cells into alloreactive CTL within secondary lymphoid organs, whereas in humans, CTL may alternatively develop within the graft from circulating CD8+ effector memory T cells (TEM) that recognize class I MHC molecules on graft endothelial cells (EC).

While CD8(+) T cells can directly recognize MHC class I on beta cells, the interaction between CD4(+) T cells and beta cells remains unclear.

Within these TAAs are peptide sequences that bind major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class I and class II molecules recognized by T cells triggering antigen-specific CD8+ cytotoxic T-cell and CD4+ T-helper cell responses.

Using ex vivo expansion methods that enrich for NKG2D+CD3+CD8+ T cells, we investigated whether these ex vivo expanded NKG2D+CD3+CD8+ T cells would recognize and lyse autologous and allogeneic myeloma cells, independent of T-cell receptor or MHC-I expression.

Early human allograft rejection can be initiated when circulating human host versus graft Ag-specific CD8 and CD4 effector memory T cells directly recognize MHC class I and II, respectively, expressed on the luminal surface by endothelium lining graft blood vessels.

Most studies on the immunotherapeutic potential of T\240\cells have focused on CD8 and CD4 T\240\cells that recognize peptide antigens (Ag) presented by polymorphic major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class I and MHC class II molecules, respectively.

For a long time, immunologists have believed that classical CD4+ and CD8+ T cells recognize peptides (referred to as epitopes), derived from protein antigens presented by MHC/HLA class I or II.

Virus-specific cluster of differentiation 8 (CD8+) cytotoxic T cells (CTL) recognize viral antigens presented on major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class I chains on infected hepatocytes, with help from CD4+ T cells.

Nowadays, the majority of studies on neoantigens have focused on MHC class I restricted antigens recognized by CD8+ T cells.

CD8+ T cell immunosurveillance is based on recognizing oligopeptides presented by MHC class I molecules.

We also showed that SLiPs is an excellent source of antigen for cross-priming of CD8+ T-cells that recognize shared tumor antigens in the context of host MHC class I molecules.

CD8+ T\240\cells that recognize peptides presented by MHC class II molecules have been observed in a macaque SIV vaccine model.

The observed maintenance of PD-1 surface expression and the demethylated PD-1 promoter were not a result of residual antigen in the recipient mice, because similar results were seen when chronic infection-induced effector cells were transferred into mice infected with a variant strain of LCMV (LCMV V35A) bearing a mutation in the cognate major histocompatibility complex class I (MHC-I) epitope that is recognized by the donor CD8 T cells.

These reagents exploit the mechanism by which T cell receptors (TCR) on cytotoxic CD8 T cells recognize specific antigens in the context of a major histocompatibility complex (MHC) molecule during antigen presentation.

CD8(+) T\240\cells responding to infection recognize pathogen-derived epitopes presented by MHC class-I molecules.

This spliced epitope differed by one amino acid from LLO296-304 and double staining with LLO296-304-and spliced peptide-folded MHC multimers showed that LLO296-304 and its spliced variant were recognized by the same CD8(+) T\240\cells.

CD8(+) T cells that recognize virus-derived peptides presented on MHC class I are vital antiviral effectors.

We recently reported that rodent malaria parasites infect erythroblasts that express major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class I antigens, which are recognized by CD8(+) T cells.

OT-1 CD8(+) T cells encode a T cell receptor that specifically recognizes MHC class I-presented ovalbumin OVA(257-264) peptide, thereby causing a downstream T cell activation.

We compared pathophysiological characteristics of CD8+ T cells recognizing preproinsulin (PPI) derived epitopes in both disease groups using MHC-I dextramers (DMRs) in peripheral blood and after in-vitro stimulation with PPI.

The strength with which complexes of self peptide and major histocompatibility complex (MHC) proteins are recognized by the T cell antigen receptor (TCR) dictates the homeostasis of naive CD8(+) T cells, but its effect on reactivity to foreign antigens is controversial.

We have previously shown that the density of peptide-MHC class I recognized by the TCR determines whether CD8(+) T cells undergo anergy or deletion.

CD8+ T cells are essential effectors in antiviral immunity recognizing short virus-derived peptides presented by MHC class I (pMHCI) on the surface of infected cells.

Moreover, RhCMV strain 68-1 elicits CD8+ T cells broadly recognizing unconventional epitopes exclusively restricted by MHC-II and MHC-E.

In both NOD mice and humans, the development of type 1 diabetes (T1D) is dependent in part on autoreactive CD8+ T cells recognizing pancreatic β cell peptides presented by often quite common MHC class I variants.

The majority of human CD8 cytotoxic T lymphocytes express αβ T-cell receptors that recognize peptide-MHC class I complexes.

We applied an enzyme-linked immunospot (ELISPOT) assay for the detection and quantification of blood-derived CD8+ T cells recognizing peptide antigens presented by HLA-A2.

During HIV infection, CD8+ T-cells are able to recognize infected cells through an MHC-I dependent process and are able to lyse cells harboring viral infection by the secretion of perforin and granzymes.

CD8 CTL recognize antigenic peptides in the context of class I MHC.

Cytotoxic CD8+ T cells (CTL) recognize and kill HIV-infected cells which display MHC class-I proteins.

Vaccination can elicit CD8(+) cytotoxic T lymphocytes (CTL) that recognize peptides presented by class I MHC molecules.

In contrast, in PM the muscle fiber injury is initiated by sensitized CD8+ cytotoxic T cells that recognize heretofore unknown and probably endogenous muscle antigens in the context of major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class I expression.

CD8+ cytolytic T lymphocytes (CTL) identify virally infected cells by recognizing processed viral antigen in association with class I major histocompatibility complex (MHC) molecules on infected cells.

In contrast, in PM and IBM the muscle fiber injury is initiated by sensitized CD8+ cytotoxic T cells that recognize MHC-I restricted muscle antigens, leading to phagocytosis and fiber necrosis.

CD8+ cytotoxic T lymphocytes recognize cell surface complexes formed by class I major histocompatibility complex (MHC-I) glycoproteins and antigenic peptides.

X-ray crystallography revealed major differences in solvent exposure of MHC-bound peptide epitopes, suggesting that processed HIV-1 envelope gave rise to MHC-I/peptide conformations recognized by distinct CD8(+) T cell populations.

In this study, we show that Gag-specific CD8(+) T cells recognize infected CD4(+) T lymphocytes as early as 2 h postinfection, before proviral DNA integration, viral protein synthesis, and Nef-mediated MHC class I down-regulation.

NY-ESO-1-specific immune responses were observed for CD4(+) and CD8(+) T cells from peripheral blood lymphocytes in 4 of 8 neuroblastoma patients, as detected by IFN-gamma enzyme-linked immunospot assay after in vitro stimulation either with the NY-ESO-1 recombinant protein or with the HLA-A2-restricted peptide NY-ESO-1(157-167).

Multimeric MHC I-peptide complexes containing phycoerythrin-streptavidin are widely used to detect and investigate antigen-specific CD8+ (and CD4+) T cells.

In this study, we established and compared both MHC class II tetramer and intracellular CD154 staining, in order to detect CD4(+) Foxp3(+) Treg specific for foreign Ag in acute and chronic infections with lymphocytic choriomeningitis virus (LCMV).

Even though strong HIV- and SIV-specific CD4(+) T-cell responses have been detected in individuals that control viral replication, major histocompatibility complex class II (MHC-II) molecules have not been definitively linked with slow disease progression.

We have developed HIV-1-gag p24 and reverse transcriptase (RT)-specific CD4(+) T cell hybridomas that demonstrate high sensitivity and specificity to detect HIV-1 antigens presented by MHC-II on human DC.

In addition, more than 40 % of HTLV-I Tax11-19-specific CD8+ T cells as detected by an HLA-A,0201/Tax11-19 tetramer proliferated in culture.

In this study, HIV-specific effector CD8+ T cells, as detected by both a sensitive ex vivo enzyme-linked immunospot (ELISPOT) assay and specific major histocompatibility complex (MHC) peptide tetramers, were at a low frequency in the peripheral blood of LTNP, and recognized a lower number of HIV peptides than their memory resting cell counterparts.

HIV-specific tetramer-staining CD8+ T cells were detected in 6 of 10 HLA-A,0201-positive persons, which declined in 5 with treatment.

Matrix protein-specific CD8(+) T cells were detected among 10.0 % (2 of 20) of HLA-A,0201(+) newborns.

Furthermore, hChgA(10-19) and hChgA(43-52)-induced IFN-γ releasing by specific CD8(+) T cells were frequently detected in recent-onset HLA-A,0201-positive T1D patients.

From this patient, CML66-reactive CD8+ T-cell clones were detected against an endogenously presented HLA-B,4403-restricted epitope (HDVDALLW).

Abacavir reactive CD8+ T-cell responses were detected in vitro in one hundred percent of abacavir unexposed HLA-B,57:01 positive healthy donors.

CD8+ T cells could be detected in close proximity to MICA/B+ cells within multiple sclerosis lesions, supporting an in vivo interaction between these immune effectors and stressed MICA/B-expressing oligodendrocytes.

Using HLA-containing pentamers with PSA-derived peptides we could detect prostate-specific CD8+ T cells in this patient at high frequencies over several months.

After expansion in vitro, the functional IFN-gamma producing M3(271) specific CD8(+) T cells were detected in 30.8 % (8/26) of HLA-A2(+) MAGE-A3(+) HCC patients.

CD8+ T cells specific for PSA-derived peptides were detected at low frequency in HLA-A2-positive PC patients.

HLA-A, 201/IgHV1(3-11) tetramers were used to detect the proliferation of IgHV1(3-11)-specific CD8(+) T cells in the culture.

Using the constructed HLA-A2-peptide tetramer to detect the HBV/HCV-specific CTL, the HBV-specific CD8(+) frequencies were 1.84 % and 0.02 %-0.68 % of the total CD8(+) T cells in acute and chronic HBV hepatitis, respectively.

Six of the nine different HCV NS3-2 peptide variants were identified in patients with HCV NS3-2-specific CD8+ cells detected with an HLA-A2 tetramer made with the HCV-1 prototype peptide.

In conclusion, (i) the HCV NS3-2 epitope is not conserved between different HCV strains/subtypes, and (ii) an HLA-A2 tetramer loaded with the HCV-1 prototype NS3-2 peptide may still detect NS3-specific CD8+ cells in some patients with variant viruses.

The advent in recent years of the application of tetrameric arrays of class I peptide-MHC complexes now enables us to detect and study rare populations of Ag-specific CD8(+) T cells.

HLA-B,0801 and HLA-A,0201 tetramers folded with immunodominant EBV peptides were used to detect EBV-specific CD8+ T cells by flow cytometry in peripheral blood mononuclear cells from 24 pediatric liver and kidney transplant recipients.

Results showed that WT1(+) CD8(+) CTLs could be detected in patients with HLA-A,0201 expressing only in recipient, and cells of recipient origin existed in the blood of patients who achieved FDC, which suggested that LAA-specific CTLs of recipient origin may exist in patients achieving FDC soon after NST.

By Pentamer assay, P1126-pentamer and CD8 double positive CTL could be detected in PBMC of PDAC patients with MUC4(+) than patients with MUC4(-), but no significant difference of CTL frequency between patients with HLA-A2(+) and with HLA-A2(-) in MUC4(+) PDAC patients.

In UCB samples, A2/Melan-A(+) CD8(+) T cells were detected at a frequency of 0.04 %, were more frequent in HLA-A2(+) UCB, and were polyclonal and mostly naive.

HLA-A,1101 and HLA-A,0201 pentamers folded with immunodominant EBV peptides were used to detect EBV-specific CD8+ T cells by flow cytometry in peripheral blood mononuclear cells from 19 haplo-HSCT recipients and the results were compared with those in controls.

Indeed, circulating EPLARLEL-specific CD8 T cells were detected at significant frequencies in HLA-B8+ patients but not in controls by HLA tetramer staining.

MHC class I tetramers containing peptide epitopes are sensitive tools for detecting antigen-specific CD8(+) T-cell responses.

Antigen-specific T cells expressing high levels of CD8 could be detected using HLA-A2 tetramers containing the peptide AAGIGILTV, an epitope which is naturally processed and presented from Melan-A/MART-1.

The present study demonstrates that the quality of the virus-specific CD8(+) T cell responses, as detected by both enzyme-linked immunospot assay and specific MHC-peptide tetramers, changed in relation to the different disease activity in chronically hepatitis C virus-infected patients.

Both vaccines stimulated rapid tumor antigen-specific CD8(+) T-cell responses detected ex vivo, however, tumor antigen-specific CD8(+) T cells produced more IFN-γ and exhibited higher lytic function upon immunization with MHC class I and class II epitopes.

By applying peptide-loaded MHC I tetramer-based enrichment, we could detect HBV-specific CD8+ T cells targeting epitopes in the HBV core and the polymerase proteins in the majority of 85 tested cHBV patients with low viral loads.

Immunization of melanoma patients resulted in the generation of cytotoxic CD8+ T cells specific for ALDH1A1, which were detected in circulation by HLA-A0201 MHC dextramers loaded with ALDH1A188-96(LLYKLADLI) peptide.

Binding of fluorochrome-conjugated MHC class I tetramers is a powerful means to detect antigen-specific CD8 T lymphocytes.

In 4 of 15 patients vaccinated with MHC-I/II-loaded DCs and 1 of 14 patients vaccinated with MHC-I-loaded DCs, we detected TAA-specific CD8(+) T cells with maintained IFN-γ production in skin test infiltrating lymphocyte (SKIL) cultures and circulating TAA-specific CD8(+) T cells.

We therefore refined a cell line-based ELISpot assay combining HLA-A,0201 expressing K562 cells for antigen presentation with purified CD8(+) T cells and demonstrated that it specifically detected CD8(+) T cell responses with detection limits comparable to traditional ELISpot assays and dextramer-based quantification.

A receptor for MICA was detected on most gammadelta T cells, CD8+ alphabeta T cells, and natural killer (NK) cells and was identified as NKG2D.

HLA-A24/ACC-1 tetramer detected the presence of ACC-1-specific CD8+ cells in the peripheral blood of a patient up to 7 months following transplantation, and these tetramer-positive cells were expandable in vitro by ACC-1 peptide stimulation.

By using tetramers consisting of HLA-A,0201,-A,2402, or-A,1101, and corresponding Tax epitope peptides, we detected Tax-specific CD8+ T-cells in the peripheral blood from 87.0 % of ACs (n = 20/23) and 100 % of HAM/TSP patients (n = 18/18) tested.

To investigate the disconnection between observed CD8 T-cell responses and immunity to IAV, we used a Poisson liquid chromatography data-independent acquisition MS method to physically detect PR8/34 (H1N1), X31 (H3N2), and Victoria/75 (H3N2) epitopes bound to HLA-A,02:01 on human epithelial cells following in vitro infection.

HLA-B27 and HLA-A2 tetramers loaded with immunodominant peptides from Epstein-Barr virus were generated with comparable yields and both molecules detected antigen-specific CD8+ T cells.

This suggests that a common antigen, presented by HLA-B27 and detected by CD8+ T cells, may be associated with AS disease pathogenesis.

Using MHC/peptide tetramers we detected CAMEL(1-11)-specific CD8(+) T cells in peptide-stimulated PBMC as well as among tumor-infiltrated lymph node cells from several patients.

Methods: The expression levels of ITGB2 and MHC-1 in MDA-MB-231 cells and TNBC tissues were detected by Western bolt and RT-PCR, and the expressions of ITGB2, CD80 and CD86 in TNBC tissues were detected by immunohistochemistry.

CD8(+) CTLs detect virus-infected cells through recognition of virus-derived peptides presented at the cell surface by MHC class I molecules.

Key players in antitumor responses are CD8+ cytolytic T lymphocytes (CTLs) that can detect tumor cells that carry antigens, in other words, small peptides bound to surface major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class I molecules.

MHC tetramers detected HIV-specific CD8+ T cells in 6 HIV+ patients on cART and in 7 untreated individuals.

HCVcp-specific-CTLs against relevant MHC class I peptides were detected only for Ag+M720+CpG, Ag+M720, and Ag+CpG groups and could be blocked by antimouse-CD8 antibodies.

This model provides evidence that HBsAg displayed a strong tolerogenic effect on the CD4(+) T cell compartment that is associated with a defect in CD8(+) T cell effector functions in vivo.

Except for the absence of CD4 and CD8, which was associated with undetectable levels of CD4 and CD8 mRNA, the clones were phenotypically indistinguishable from classical CD3+alphabeta TCR+ cells.

These data support the hypothesis that declines in frequencies of CD4+ T-cell responses to CMV are associated with an inability to sustain high levels of CMV-specific CD8+ T-cell responses in HIV-1-infected subjects.

A high PD-1+ CD4+ T-cell count was associated with poor overall survival, PD-1+CD8+ T-cells connect to a favorable outcome.

Nevertheless, antileishmanial therapy caused an increase of CD4+CD25+FoxP3+ T cells in all tissues associated with the decrease of CD8+CD25-FoxP3- T cell percentages.

The main aims of this study were to determine whether CD4+ and CD8+ cells are present in the normal chambers of the eye in dogs and to verify the hypothesis that uncomplicated cataract may be associated with the local recruitment of CD4+ and CD8+ cells.

Interestingly, vaccinated SIV controllers did not present with this aberrant PD-1(hi) CD4 T cell enrichment, and this lack of enrichment was associated with the presence of higher frequencies of SIV-specific granzyme B(+) CD8 T cells within the lymphoid tissue, suggesting a role for antiviral CD8 T cells in limiting aberrant expansion of PD-1(hi) CD4 T cells.

Moreover, the expression level of PTPN6 was positively associated with the infiltration of B cells, CD4+T cells, dendritic cells, and neutrophils and negatively associated with CD8+ T cells and macrophages in BC.

tumor size was negatively associated with numbers of infiltrating CD4+ T cells, CD4+CD127+ T cells, and CD8+CD127+ T cells, and positively associated with numbers of CD4+PD-1+ T cells, CD4+CD25+ T cells, and CD8+PD-1+ T cells.

The difference between CD4 + T-lymphocytes, CD4 +/CD8 + with associated HIV/TB infection, and also in the 1 st and 3 rd HIV/TB subgroups, as compared to those with TB monoinfection, was shown to be significantly more pronounced CD4 + T lymphocytes and a higher index of CD4 +/CD8 + in patients with TB monoinfection.

Lower percentages of activated CD8 and/or CD4 T cells were associated with protective alleles B,57:03 (CD8 T cells,-6.6 % [ P =.

Higher CD4 and CD8 T cell counts, lymphocyte count, and total WBC count were associated with incident DM among both women with and without HIV, although the association of CD8 was not statistically significant among women without HIV.

Increased cytotoxic capacity of HIV-specific CD8+ T-cells associated with efficient elimination of HIV-infected CD4+ T-cell targets has been shown to distinguish long-term nonprogressors (LTNP), patients with durable control over HIV replication, from those experiencing progressive disease.

In adjusted analyses, entry CD4 cell count and CD4/CD8 ratio were associated with GBD region, sex, entry regimen, duration of ART, and nadir CD4 cell count.

Consequently, CD4+ T-cell, but not CD8+ T-cell, infiltration was a good prognostic factor in cHL, and PD-1 blockade showed antitumor efficacy against MHC-II-expressing cHL associated with CD4+ T-cell infiltration.

In TNFR1-/- mice, reduced CD8-enriched myocarditis was associated with defective activation of CD44+CD62Llow/- and CCR5+ CD8+ lymphocytes.

CCR3 was equally distributed in CD4+ and CD8+ cells, but CCR5 was associated largely with CD4+ cells.

Resting natural killer cells and activated memory CD4+ and CD8+ T cells were associated with favourable patient outcome, whereas resting memory CD4+ T cells were associated with poor outcome.

However, these cells exhibited robust proliferative potential showing that expression of CD45RA may not always associate with terminal differentiation and, in fact, may be an indicator of highly functional memory CD8(+) T cells generated after acute viral infections.

Higher percent CD8+ levels during treatment was associated with poorer quality of life and more depression, while higher CD4+ and CD8+ were associated with poorer neuropsychological memory and processing speed performance.

Finally, TCR Vβ spectratyping analysis identified Vβ families within CD4 and CD8 T cells, which were associated with both GvM effects and GvHD, whereas other Vβ families within CD4 T cells were associated exclusively with either GvM or GvHD responses.

We show that, although CD8αα T cells in AGMs maintain functions associated with CD4+ T cells (including Th follicular functionality in lymphoid tissues and Th2 responses in bronchoalveolar lavage fluid), they also accumulate functions normally attributed to canonical CD8+ T cells.

Similarly, treating wild-type mice with a CD47 antibody that blocks thrombospondin-1 binding delayed B16 melanoma growth associating with increased NK cell recruitment and increased granzyme B and interferon-γ levels in intratumoral NK but not CD8+ T cells.

Since the tetraspanin CD81 is associated to CD4, the receptor of HIV-1 envelope protein (Env.

2 B4 expression on CD8 T cells was negatively associated with IL-2 production but showed no effect on CD4 T cell function.

Interestingly, the proportions of HIV-1-specific CD8 TSCM cells and total HIV-1-specific CD8 TSCM cells were associated with the CD4 T cell counts during treatment with antiretroviral therapy but not with CD4 T cell counts, viral loads, or immune activation parameters in untreated patients, including controllers.

however, only proportions of IFN-γ-secreting HIV-1-specific CD8 TSCM cells were associated with CD4 T cell counts during antiretroviral therapy.

These results suggest that the loss of CD28 expression during differentiation of memory/effector CD8+ T cells represents a decisive step in establishing regulation of responding CD8+ T cells, increasing the dependence on CD4+ Th for proliferation after target recognition, and has implications for the treatment of viral disease with adoptively transferred CD8+ T cells.

CD4-1+ and CD4-2+ cells responded to all three stimulants, while CD8+ T lymphocytes only give a strong response to Poly I:C, and the percentages of IgM+ B lymphocytes showed a tendency to increase.

Using HLA class I-viral epitope tetramers to monitor herpes virus-specific CD8(+) T cell responses in humans, we have shown that a significant fraction of responding cells revert from a CD45RO(+) to a CD45RA(+) state after priming.

Furthermore, we also found cross-suppressive activity of these CD8+ Tregs on responding CD4+ T cells in a cytotoxicity dependent manner.

In contrast CD8 T\240\cells, memory CD4 T\240\cells, and primary responding CD4 T\240\cells from the lung produced a sustained cytokine response throughout the restimulation period.

The results revealed that two of the chagasic patients had IFN-gamma-secreting CD8+ T cells that were able to respond to K1 peptide with a relative frequency of 110 and 230 per million CD8+ T cells.

Even after extended type 2 polarization, however, some CD8(low) effector cells respond to interferon-γ by re-expressing CD8 and a type 1 cytokine profile in association with partial Cd8a demethylation.

We report that, when either polyclonal and T-cell receptor (TCR)-transgenic monoclonal peripheral naive CD8 T cells from young mice were separated into CD8hi and CD8lo subsets, CD8lo cells responded poorly, but CD8hi and CD8lo subsets of CD8 single-positive (SP) thymocytes responded similarly.

By comparing the single-cell transcriptomes and epigenetic profiles of CD8+ T cells responding to acute and chronic viral infections, we found that progenitor-like CD8+ T cells became distinct from memory precursor cells before the peak of the T cell response.

In some cases, the responding CD4 T-cells have cytotoxic effector function and may target conserved p24 epitopes, similar to the CD8 T-cells described below.

Further analysis suggests that CD4+CAR+ cells may outperform CD8+CAR+ cells, especially at a high burden of target antigen, mainly since CD8 cells are more prone to exhaustion.

Human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) glycoprotein-specific CD4+ cytotoxic T lymphocytes (CTLs) lyse target cells in an MHC-restricted calcium-dependent fashion similar to the mechanism used by CD8+ CTLs.

By using PE-H-2Kd/HER223-71 tetramer, we determined that HuRt-TEXO stimulates stronger HER2-specific CD8+ T-cell responses eradicating 90 % of HER2-specific target cells, while HER2-TEXO-induced CD8+ T-cell responses only eliminating 53 % targets.

These findings indicate that psoriatic individuals have CD8(+) T cells that recognize keratin self-antigens and that epitopes shared by streptococcal M proteins and human keratins may be targets for the CD8(+) T cells that infiltrate psoriatic skin lesions.

Human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) evades CD8(+) T-cell responses through mutations within targeted epitopes, but little is known regarding its ability to generate de novo CD8(+) T-cell responses to such mutants.

The objective of this study was twofold: 1) to develop a CD8(+) T-cell interferon-γ ELISpot assay for pediatric patients and 2) to determine whether zinc transporter 8 (ZnT8), a recently described target of autoantibodies in a majority of patients, is also recognized by autoreactive CD8(+) T cells.

Although HDV-specific CD8+ T cells are thought to control the virus, little is known about which HDV epitopes are targeted by virus-specific CD8+ T cells or why these cells ultimately fail to control the infection.

Here, we test the hypothesis that different sequence variants of an immunodominant CD8+ T cell epitope, all binding with high affinity to HLA class I target different T cell receptor repertoires and thereby influence the quality of the CD8+ T cell response.

HIV evades CD8 T cell mediated pressure by viral escape mutations in targeted CD8 T cell epitopes.

Additional studies confirmed increased expression of the inhibitory receptors LAG3 and TIM3 on VL patient CD8+ T cells, thereby identifying these molecules as potential targets to improve antigen-specific CD8+ T-cell responses during disease.

CD8(+) cells specific for EBV late lytic cycle antigens show poor recognition of target cells compared to immediate early and early antigen-specific CD8(+) cells.

Of the EBV immune evasion mechanisms identified to date, none could explain why CD8(+) T cell responses to late lytic cycle genes are so infrequent and, when present, recognize lytically infected target cells so poorly relative to CD8(+) T cells specific for early lytic cycle antigens.

Alternatively, miR-17-92 may promote migration of CD8 T cells to GVHD target organs, but has minimal impact on CD8 T-cell proliferation, survival, or cytolytic function, which could contribute to the preserved GVL effect mediated by T cells deficient for miR-17-92.

Thus, our findings provide a strong rationale and means to stabilize CD8+ iTregs by targeting JAK2, and the stabilized CD8+ iTregs exhibit therapeutic potential for alleviating GVHD and preserving the graft-versus-leukemia effect.

In this study, we investigated whether 3-aminopropyl-triethoxysilane (APS)-coated MNPs directly attached to CD8+ T cell membranes could also magnetically target and accumulate tumour-specific CD8+ T cells in solid tumours using an external magnetic field (EMF).

As a result, activated B1a/4BL cells induce expression of granzyme B in CD8(+) T cells by targeting TNFR2 via membrane TNF-α and providing costimulation with CD86.

Collectively, our observations indicate that TNF-R1-dependent TNF signaling impairs tumor-infiltrating CD8(+) T-cell accumulation and may serve as a putative target to favor CD8(+) T-cell-dependent immune response in melanoma.

After in vitro expansion by exposure to an influenza NP-vaccinia recombinant, highly purified CD8+ T cells exhibited significant lysis in vitro of P815 target cells infected with A/Hong Kong/68 (H3N2) virus while the CD8- fraction (CD4+ T cells, B cells and macrophages) had no CTL activity.

Thus, antigen-specific CD8(+) T cells favor the priming of naive CD8(+) T cells by promoting the CCR5-dependent recruitment of polyclonal CD8(+) T cells to mature dendritic cells.

NKG2D is such a costimulatory receptor on CD8 T cells that facilitates immunorecognition of stressed and malignant cells promotes tumor rejection by NK and CD8 T cells and contributes to immunosurveillance of spontaneous malignancies.

Autologous peptides should be considered for the evaluation of HIV-specific CD8+ Tcell responses and to reveal some relevant epitopes that could be useful for therapeutic strategies aiming to promote polyfunctional CD8+ T-cell responses in a specific population of HIV-infected patients.

Our studies reveal a role for PD-1 as an integrator of CD8+ T\240\cell signals that promotes CD8+ T\240\cell memory formation and suggest PD-1 continues to fine-tune CD8+ T\240\cells after they migrate into non-lymphoid tissues.

Our findings indicate that the selective silencing of effector functions of resident CD8+dT cells may favor maternal-fetal tolerance and that the decidual microenvironment plays an important role in promoting the residency of CD8+T cells and their tolerance-defense balance.

Close proximity with effector CD8+ T cells and Treg cell expression of integrin-β8 endows the bioavailability of transforming growth factor-β in the microenvironment, thereby promoting the generation of CD8+ TRM cells.

Collectively, our study suggests that moderate SMFs enhance CD8+ T cell cytotoxicity by promoting mitochondrial respiration and promoted the antitumor function of CD8+ T cells.

Moreover, the expression levels of both IL-33 and ST2 were positively correlated with those of CD3E, CD8A, and chemokines that recruit CD8+ T cells, indicating that the IL-33/ST2 axis may play an important role in recruiting and promoting the immune response of type 1-polarized CD8+ T cells in STS.

Ox-LDL decreases the activation of transcriptional factors TCF-1 and phosphorylation of STAT-3, inhibits the formation of effector memory CD8+ T cells with long-term cytotoxicity, but promote the generation of stem cell-like memory CD8+ T cells, which result in suppression of islet β cell-specific effector cytotoxic CD8+ T cell differentiation to lessen autoimmune injury to the islet β cells.

Therefore, IFN-γ suppresses the local development of granzyme B-expressing CD8+ T cells and slows viral RNA clearance but promotes CD8+ TRM cell establishment.

The CS3-adjuvanted DC vaccine increased CD80, MHC-I and MHC-II expression promoted CD8+ T cell infiltration, upregulated TNF-α and IFN-γ transcription, and downregulated TGF-β transcription in tumor tissues.

CD8TRM cells promoted the induction of IFNγ and chemokines that facilitate the recruitment of antigen-specific CD8+ T cells to the lungs.

Although CD8(+) T cells promote protection against various intracellular pathogens, the role of CD8(+) T cells against virulent ST has been unclear due to early fatality of susceptible (B6) mice.

It is assumed that CD8+ T cell responses promote the establishment of the reservoir, as B cell follicles do not permit CD8+ T cell entry.

The CD8 coreceptor enhances T cell function by stabilizing the TCR/peptide/MHC complex and/or increasing T cell avidity via interactions with the intracellular kinases Lck and LAT.

DNA immunisation in HLA-A,0201 and HLA-A,0201/HLA-DR1 transgenic mice resulted in the recovery of humoral response against the carrier and enhanced levels of HIV-1 specific CD8(+) T lymphocyte activation.

Moreover, mice expressing the protective HLA-B,57 allele exhibited enhanced control of viral replication and restricted the same CD8(+) T cell responses to conserved regions of HIV-1 Gag that are critical to its control of HIV-1 in humans.

Moreover, pre-incubation with TLR-dependent stimuli impaired IFN-gamma-induced MHC class II regulation but enhanced CD40 and CD86 expression.

Delivery of this construct by adeno-associated viral vectors upregulated MHC class I and MHC class II expression in human cells and enhanced lysis of melanoma cells by CD8(+) cytotoxic T cells in vitro.

Acute respiratory infection with mouse adenovirus type 1 (MAV-1) induces activity of the immunoproteasome, an inducible form of the proteasome that shapes CD8 T cell responses by enhancing peptide presentation by major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class I.

Importantly, 4-week-old versus newborn thymic SIRPα+ DC exhibited increased antigen processing and presentation via the MHC class II but not class I pathway, coupled with an enhanced T-cell stimulatory capacity not seen in thymic plasmacytoid DC and CD8α+ DC.

SGI-110 enhanced the expression of MHC I and ICAM-1, and enhanced recognition of EOC cells by NY-ESO-1-specific CD8+ T-cells.

Moreover, macroautophagy-dependent stabilization of MHC class I molecules leads to enhanced CD8+ T cell priming during influenza A virus infection in vivo, resulting in decreased pathology.

These nanoplexes increase and prolong antigen uptake and presentation on MHC-I (major histocompatibility complex class I) molecules expressed by dendritic cells, resulting in enhanced activation of CD8+ T cells.

Spleen cells from compound-peptide-immunized mice of three MHC haplotypes sharing the Dd class I MHC molecule but with different class II molecules exhibited enhanced gp160-specific CD8+ CTL activity and CD4+ Th.

This result strongly suggests that the relative contribution of CD8 in stabilizing the interaction between human CTL and HLA-B27+-murine target cells is more significant than with human target cells.

We previously reported a CD4(+) T cell (TIL 1383 I), which recognizes the tumor-associated Ag tyrosinase in the context of HLA-A2.

CD4+ T lymphocytes recognize extracellular viral proteins that have been degraded into peptides through the exogenous pathway and presented on major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class II molecules at the surface of antigen-presenting cells.

To further determine the immunologic mechanisms associated with OAD development, we used a murine tracheal transplant model in which a single mismatched HLA-A2-transgenic molecule is indirectly recognized by the recipient CD4+ T cells and then determined whether neutralization of several inflammatory cytokines affected the development of OAD.

In this study, a CD4(+) T cell line was generated from peripheral blood mononuclear cells of a melanoma patient and was shown to recognize NY-ESO-1 peptides presented by HLA-DP4, a dominant MHC class II allele expressed in 43-- 70 % of Caucasians.

Two hundred twenty-two peptides that formed MHC class II-peptide complexes had previously been described as exclusively recognized by IgG in sera from patients with active pulmonary tuberculosis, but not in sera from healthy individuals, suggesting that these peptides serve as B-cell and CD4(+) T-cell epitopes.

The other HLA type is classified as (HLA- DP, DQ, and DR) which are encoded by MHC II and can be found on antigen-presenting cells (APCs) and this class is recognized by CD4+ T cells.

One such hypothesis is that HLA-B27 can be recognized by CD4(+) T lymphocytes.

Recent studies suggest that CD4+ T cells, immunomodulatory killer cell Ig receptors, and Ig-like transcript receptors may recognize aberrant forms of HLA-B27.

We demonstrate that CD4(+) T cells capable of recognizing B27 can be isolated from humans by coculture with the MHC class II-negative cell line T2 transfected with B27.

CD4+ helper T cells contribute important functions to the immune response during pathogen infection and tumor formation by recognizing antigenic peptides presented by class II major histocompatibility complexes (MHC-II).

Cluster of differentiation 4 (CD4) is the accessory protein non-covalently bounded to T cell receptor (TCR) that recognize an invariant region of MHC class II on antigen presenting cell (APC).

Here, we report that a CD4+ T cell repertoire recognizes a glycopeptide epitope on gp120 presented by MHCII pathway.

This augmentation is enhanced when donors were pre-sensitized to the recipient, is dependent upon avoidance of host NK cell recognition, and is partly due to provision of cognate help for allo-specific B cells from donor CD4 T\240\cells recognizing B cell MHC class II in a peptide-degenerate manner.

CD4 T cells that recognize peptide antigen in the context of class II MHC can differentiate into various subsets that are characterized by their helper functions.

A new class of highly antigenic, MHC-II-restricted mycobacterial lipopeptides that are recognized by CD4-positive T lymphocytes of Mycobacterium tuberculosis-infected humans has recently been described.

It has been proposed that peptide epitopes bind to MHC class II molecules to form distinct structural conformers of the same MHC II-peptide complex termed type A and type B, and that the two conformers of the same peptide-MHC II complex are recognized by distinct CD4 T cells, termed type A and type B T cells.

CD4 T cells mediate immune protection by using their T cell receptors to recognize specific portions of viral proteins, called epitopes, that are presented by major histocompatibility complex class II (MHC-II) molecules on the surfaces of professional antigen-presenting cells (APCs).

Herein, we characterize anti-tumor effects of a unique human CD4(+) helper T-cell subset that directly recognizes the cytoplasmic tumor antigen, NY-ESO-1, presented by MHC class II on cancer cells.

We have investigated this issue in a model in which MHC II(NEG) myeloma cells secrete a monoclonal Ig containing a V region L chain (VL) epitope recognized by CD4+ T cells.

Significance: Elimination of tumors by CD4+ T cells recognizing secreted tumor neoantigens can occur in the absence of tumor cell-intrinsic MHC II expression, highlighting the potential clinical relevance of indirect antigen recognition by tumor-infiltrating APC.

We identified 25 naturally processed MHC-II peptides, derived from six different HHV-6B proteins, and showed that they were recognized by CD4 T-cell responses in HLA-matched donors.

The CD4 cell surface antigen is of interest as a marker of T lymphocytes that recognize foreign antigens in the context of MHC Class II antigen, as a receptor for the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) and as a member of the immunoglobulin superfamily (IgSF) with four Ig-like domains present in the extracellular domain.

The ASYMP therapeutic vaccination (i) induced HSV-specific CD8(+) T cells that prevent HSV-1 reactivation ex vivo from latently infected explanted trigeminal ganglia (TG), (ii) significantly reduced HSV-1 shedding detected in tears, (iii) boosted the number and function of HSV-1 gD epitope-specific CD8(+) T cells in draining lymph nodes (DLN), conjunctiva, and TG, and (iv) was associated with fewer exhausted HSV-1 gD-specific PD-1(+) TIM-3+ CD8(+) T cells.

Four 9 aa CD8 epitopes were finally identified and deleting a single amino acid from the N or C terminus of either peptide markedly reduced IFN-γ production, suggesting that they are minimum of CD8 epitopes.

1 treatment increased polyfunctional CD8+ T cell responses in spleen and brain and reduced CD8+ T cell apoptosis in spleen.

Mice deficient in the PD-1 pathway exhibit impaired CD8+ T\240\cell memory following acute influenza infection, including reduced virus-specific CD8+ T\240\cell numbers and compromised recall responses.

Anti-CD20 injection increased the frequency of apoptotic CD8+ T cells, decreased the number of effector and memory CD8+ T cells, and reduced the frequency of proliferating and cytokine-producing CD8+ T cells.

Second, adoptive transfer of CD8+ T cells from OT1 mice to CD8 knockout mice significantly reduced chlamydial induction of hydrosalpinx, demonstrating that OT1 CD8+ T cells are sufficient for attenuating chlamydial pathogenicity in CD8 knockout mice.

We hypothesized that accumulation of CD8+ TRM in the brain could be reduced by inhibiting microRNA (miR)-155, a microRNA that influences development of cytotoxic CD8+ T lymphocytes during infection.

Mice deficient for the helix-loop-helix transcription factor inhibitor of differentiation (Id2(-/-)) lack Langerhans and splenic CD8a+ dendritic cells have reduced natural killer cells, and have altered CD8 T-cell memory.

Mice deficient for the helix-loop-helix transcription factor inhibitor of differentiation (Id2(-/-)) lack Langerhans and splenic CD8a+ dendritic cells, have reduced natural killer cells, and have altered CD8 T-cell memory.

Senescent CD8+CD28-CD57+ cells were reduced in frail HIV-1 infected individuals and inversely correlated with CD8RTE, CD8N and CD3+CD4+HLA-DR+.

Although anti-CD8 mAb-treated znBAZ-vaccinated mice showed a significantly reduced pulmonary efficacy, this treatment failed to completely deplete the lung CD8+ T cells, leaving the CD103+ and CD103- CD8+ TRM cell ratios intact.

Finally, CD8+ cytotoxic T lymphocytes reduced the viability of the intracellular MTB, providing evidence that CD8+ T cell recognition of MHC class I-restricted epitopes of these MTB antigens can contribute to effective immunity against the pathogen.

Indeed, vaccination of mice with vectors expressing only CHIKV-specific CD8+ T cell epitopes followed by CHIKV challenge in the footpad prevented footpad swelling and reduced proinflammatory cytokine and chemokines associated with disease, indicating that CHIKV-specific CD8+ T cells prevent CHIKV disease.

In conclusion, CMV infection after LTx, rather than persistence of alloantigen, induces the accumulation of dysfunctional CD244(+) CD8(+) T cells in the circulation that persist long-term, resulting in reduced frequencies of circulating alloreactive CD8(+) T cells.

However, when a magnet was placed near the tumour during the transfer of tumour-specific APS-MNP-loaded CD8+ T cells to improve tumour infiltration, a reduced percentage of tumour-specific T cells was found infiltrating the tumour 14 \240\days after cell transfer, which was reflected in a smaller reduction in tumour size compared to tumour-specific CD8+ T cells transferred with or without MNPs in the absence of a magnetic field.

CD8 T cells provide partial protection in this model, and tumors from sepsis survivors had a reduced frequency of CD8 tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes (TILs) concomitant with an increased tumor burden.

CypD deficiency resulted in reduced IFN-I and increased CD8+ T cell death, resulting in a reduced antiviral CD8+ T cell response.

Mice that develop more tumors have increased colon lamina propria CD8+ IFNγ+ T\240\cells before tumorigenesis but reduced CD8+ IFNγ+ T\240\cells in tumors and adjacent tissues compared with mice that develop fewer tumors.

We show that Cav1-knockout CD8 T cells have a reduction in membrane cholesterol and sphingomyelin, and upon TCR triggering they exhibit altered morphology and polarity, with reduced effector function compared with Cav1 wild-type CD8 T cells.

The expansion of HBV-specific CD8+ T cells was significantly reduced in the mice whose major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class I expression was mostly restricted to nonhematopoietic cells, suggesting the importance of cross-presentation by hematopoietic cells in the induction of HBV-specific CD8+ T cells.

In HIV-1-infected women, gonococcal cervicitis was associated with reduced IFN-gamma responses in bulk CD8(+) lymphocyte populations, and intracellular cytokine staining, combined with class I major histocompatibility complex (MHC)-peptide tetramer studies, demonstrated reduced IFN-gamma production by HIV-1 epitope-specific CD8(+) lymphocytes.

In HEPS sex workers, cervicitis was associated with the transient loss of systemic HIV-1-specific CD8(+) responses and with reduced function of CMV-specific CD8(+) lymphocytes.

The cell surface expression of Ig-like inhibitory MHC class I receptors was found to correlate with an advanced stage of CD8(+) T cell maturation as evidenced by the reduced proliferative potential of KIR(+) and CD85j(+) T cells associated with their high intracytoplasmic perforin content.

Then, CD4 and CD8 cell labelling was combined with CD30, CD27, CD28, CD45RA or CD45R0 staining, detection of intracellular interferon-gamma (IFN-gamma) or interleukin-4 (IL-4) and analysis by three-colour flow cytometry.

Changes in CD8(+) subset distribution were studied in 17 subjects with acute human immunodeficiency virus type 1 infection and in 14 subjects with acute Epstein-Barr virus (EBV) infection, with combined CD45RO, CD27, and CD28 monoclonal antibodies.

Three-colour flow cytometry analysis was used to quantify blood dendritic cells without previous isolation from whole blood and to study the expression of functional molecules (MHC class II, CD11c, CD83, CD86) by dendritic cells from 30 HIV-positive patients, 15 of whom were treated with combined antiretroviral therapy (viral loads from undetectable to 5.4 log copies/ml, CD4 cell counts 1-1895 cells/mm3) and 11 non-infected controls.

Cells expanded in the presence of IL-15 are mainly CD8+CD28- T cells, while those expanded in the presence of IL-15 combined with IL-21 are mostly CD8+CD28+ T cells.

In the presence of IL-15, most CD8+CD28+ T cells shifted to CD8+CD28- T cells during the process of proliferation, but In the presence of IL-15 combined with IL-21, CD8+CD28+\240\T cells didn\t shift to CD8+CD28-\240\T cells during proliferation, moreover, CD8+CD28- T cells cannot transform in reverse to CD8+CD28+ T cells.

The IFN-γ-treatment protocol is attractive for cell-based immunotherapies, because it restores TAP-dependent antigen processing in cancer cells, facilitates priming of TAP-dependent effector CD8 T-cell responses without additional check point inhibitors and could be combined with genetic vaccines that complement priming of TAP-independent CD8 T cells.

The generation of tumor-specific CD8+ T lymphocytes was tested through the combined analysis of cell activation markers, formation of immunologic synapses, generation of tumor antigen-specific CD8+ T lymphocytes, and cytotoxic activity.

Retrospective enumeration of vaccine-induced CD8(-) tHLA cells in 243 PBMC samples from 36 patients with melanoma undergoing peptide vaccination revealed that tHLA staining is not dependent on immunization status or the presence of CD8(+) tHLA(+) T cells.

Three-color flow cytometric analysis of intracellular IFN-gamma and cell surface CD4 and CD8 staining revealed that the MPT51 p51-70 peptide contains an immunodominant CD8+ T-cell epitope.

Analysis of the effect of CD8+ cells obtained at several time points from these macaques on CCR5-tropic SIVmac239 replication in vitro revealed that CD8+ cells in the chronic phase after SHIV challenge suppressed SIV replication more efficiently than those before challenge.

In the absence of tumor-resident CD8(+) Tem, T effector cell expansion was completely abrogated in the TDLN revealing that restoration of CD8(+) Tem function was critical to the induction of secondary T effectors.

After two weekly restimulations with freshly prepared, peptide-loaded FastDC or moDCs, binding of CD8(+) T cells to fluorescently labeled MHC-I/Melan-A-peptide complexes and intracellular cytokine staining revealed that the two DC preparations had an equal capacity to prime Melan-A-specific, IFN-gamma producing CD8(+) T cells.

This provides definitive evidence that the CD8+ T-cell response to HTLV-1 is affected by ATLL development and reveals that a major defect concerns the generation and/or the functionality of CD8+ effectors.

tb) antigen-specific CD8+ T-cells using 48 different multimers, including the newly constructed recombinant MHC class I alleles HLA-B,58:01 and C,0701 revealed a low frequency of CD8+ T-cell responses directed against a broad panel of co-dominant M.

The human CD8 functions as a co-receptor for specific T cell recognition, and only one complex structure of human CD8αα binding to HLA-A,0201 has been solved revealing the molecular basis of CD8 interacting with its ligand pHLA.

Interestingly, however, WT1B immunization generated cross-reactive CD8+ T-cell responses to WT1A and could be further expanded by WT1A peptide revealing two distinct populations of single- and cross-reactive WT1A+CD8+ T cells with unique T-cell receptor-αβ gene signatures.

Screening for CD8(+) T cell responses revealed that each of these recombination sites (approximately 50 aa) encompassed distinct regions containing two immunodominant CD8 epitopes (B27-KK10 in Gag and Cw1-CL9 in Env).

Together, these findings indicate that HLA-I peptide occupancy influences CD8 binding affinity, and reveal a new set of regulators of CD8+ T cell activation, mediated by the binding of empty HLA-I to CD8.

This work establishes a model enabling the critical dissection of H-2Db-restricted Ag presentation to CD8 T cells revealing cell-specific and temporal features involved in the generation of CD8 T cell responses.

IHC analysis of TMAs further confirmed an inverse correlation between CD8A and VEGFA expression, and revealed a favorable OS for patients with CD8AHiVEGFALo disease among right-side CRCs.

Phenotypic reversion may at least partly explain the generation of " stem cell memory" CD8+ T\240\cells and reveals cells within the phenotypically naive CD8+ T\240\cell pool that are epigenetically primed for secondary stimulation.

In vivo depletion of CD4+ T cells, CD8+ T cells, and B cells revealed that CD8+ T cells are involved in the protection of mice against T.

In vivo depletion of CD8+ T cells revealed that CD8+ T cells are required for JTT\s antitumor activity.

The heterogeneity and functional versatility of the systemic naïve CD8+ T cell compartment was revealed by single-cell analysis and functional assays of CD8+ T cell subpopulations.

In vivo NIR-IIb molecular imaging of PD-L1 and CD8 revealed cytotoxic T lymphocytes in the tumor microenvironment in response to immunotherapy, and altered CD8 signals in tumor and spleen due to immune activation.

Assessment of beta cell-specific CD8+ T cell anatomical distribution and the establishment of stem-associated epigenetic programs revealed that self-reactive CD8+ T cells isolated from murine lymphoid tissue retained developmentally plastic phenotypic and epigenetic profiles relative to the same cells isolated from the pancreas.

A comparison of vaccine-primed CD8 T cells early and late after vaccination revealed a minor decline in the overall numbers of antigen specific memory CD8 T cells during this interval.

It is hypothesized that CD8+ T cells act as the effector cells, with CD4+ T cell help.

Here we show with a human CTL clone specific for a tumor-associated MHC-peptide complex that the binding of tetramers to the TCR on these cells is completely blocked by anti-human CD8 Abs.

The results show that MHC class I monomers bind to, but do not activate, CD8 T cells whether the cells are in solution or adhered to a surface.

Following screening of synthesized peptides by splenic CD8(+) T cells of vaccinated mice, we selected candidate epitopes bound to HLA-A2402.

One set expressed a modified Kb molecule which contained a human HLA-A2 alpha 3 domain, thereby missing the binding residues for the murine CD8 molecules.

CD8alphaalpha bound the classical MHC molecules HLA-A,0201,-A,1101,-B,3501, and-C,0702 with dissociation constants (K(d)) of 90-220 microm, a range of affinities distinctly lower than that of TCR/peptide-MHC interaction.

In contrast, CD8alphaalpha bound both HLA-A,6801 and B,4801 with a significantly lower affinity (& gt.

Taken together with crystallographic studies, these results indicate that subtle conformational changes in the solvent exposed alpha3 domain loop (residues 223-229) can account for the differential ability of both classical and nonclassical class I MHC molecules to bind CD8.

HLA-B27, like other MHC class I molecules, physiologically binds antigenic peptides in its binding groove and presents them to CD8+ T lymphocytes.

The overlapping CD8+ and CD4+ T-cell epitopes were bound with most conserved HLA-C,12:03 and HLA-DRB1,01:01, respectively with the high binding affinity (kcal/mol).

The MICA protein is thought to activate immune function on mucosal tissue by binding to NKG2D which is expressed on most natural killer cells, CD8 positive T cells, and gamma delta T cells.

The polymorphic MHC class I chain-related A (MICA) gene encodes a ligand that has different binding affinities for the NKG2D activating receptor of CD8+ T cells and natural killer (NK) cells.

Beta2-microglobulin (beta2m) is the light chain of major histocompatibility complex class I (MHC-I) molecules, and is a prerequisite for the binding of peptides to the heavy chain and their presentation to CD8+ T cells.

HLA-B alleles showed fast off-rates in peptide binding and restricted high numbers (up to 6 %) of antigen-specific CD8+ T cells in patients with pulmonary tuberculosis.

In contrast, production of these cytokines, which are tightly regulated by specific activation through the T cell receptor, was restricted when the CTL were stimulated with peptides loaded onto C1R cells that were transfected with an HLA-A2 molecule bearing a mutation that abrogates binding to the CD8 co-receptor.

Using fluorescent peptide-MHC class I tetramers incorporating mutations in the alpha3 domain (D227K/T228A) that abrogate binding to the CD8 coreceptor, we were able to confirm the presence of high-avidity T-cell clones within the antigen-specific repertoire.

In this study, we demonstrate that fluorescent peptide/MHC class I multimeric complexes incorporating mutations in the alpha3 domain (D227K/T228A) that abrogate binding to the CD8 coreceptor can be used to selectively isolate tumor Ag-specific T cells of high functional avidity from both in vitro expanded and ex vivo T cell populations.

We identified HLA-A2 binding HPV16 E7 variant peptides from human, bacterial, or viral origin which are able to drive CD8(+)-T-cell responses directed against wild-type HPV16 E7 amino acid 11 to 19/20 (E7(11-19/20)) epitope YMLDLQPET(T) in vitro.

vivax CS, five peptide sequences containing the HLA-A,0201 binding motifs and used the corresponding synthetic peptides to evaluate the CD8(-) T-lymphocyte interferon (IFN)-gamma response.

Fluorochrome-labelled tetramers consisting of appropriate MHC class I molecules in complex with predicted binding peptides derived from Plasmodium falciparum AMA-1 were used to label ex vivo AMA-1 epitope specific CD8+ T cells from research subjects responding strongly to immunization with the NMRC-M3V-Ad-PfCA (adenovirus-vectored) malaria vaccine.

We used MHC class I tetrameric complexes that were mutated in the CD8 binding domain to identify CMV-specific CD8(+) T cells with high Ag-binding avidity.

Here, we present the complex structures of human CD8αα bound to HLA-A,2402, which demonstrate two opposite α3 domain CD loop shifts (either pull or push) in the HLA heavy chain upon CD8 engagement.

A keystone of antiviral immunity is CD8+ T cell recognition of viral peptides bound to MHC-I proteins.

CD8-liganded HLA-A2 preference for binding HuD suggests that CD8-HLA-A2 may present a weakly binding peptide for TCR recognition, supporting the hypothesis that CD8 increases TCR avidity to weak Ag-s.

However, mutant N-terminally extended peptides exhibited significantly increased HLA-A,02:01 binding affinity and elicited CD8(+) T cell stimulation in vitro similar to the wtgp100209-217 epitope.

Primary CD8(+) T cells that expressed the transgenic T-cell receptor specifically bound GPC3367 on HLA-A2.

The T-cell receptor of a CD8(+) T-cell recognises peptide epitopes bound by class I major histocompatibility complex (MHC) glycoproteins presented in a groove on their upper surface.

It has been suggested that an amino acid sequence within the HLA-B27 molecule allows microbial peptides to bind and be presented to T cytotoxic cells (CD8), which results in a primary T cytotoxic cell response against various tissues.

We used site-directed mutagenesis to construct a series of HLA-B27 mutants with different substitutions at the sites of the conserved amino acid residues of HLA-B27 subtypes, specifically residue 77 which is thought to be critical to the binding site of the molecule, and a residue at the CD8 binding site.

Thus, the aim of this study was to explore the relationship between the structure of abacavir with HLA-B,57:01 binding and the CD8+ T-cell activation.

Modelling and immunopeptidome analysis delineate how drug HLA-B,57:01 binding and peptide display by antigen presenting cells relate to the activation of CD8+ T-cells.

Additionally, peptide-deficient HLA-B,35:01 tetramers preferentially bind CD8 and to a majority of blood-derived CD8+ T cells via a CD8-dependent binding mode.

We analyzed this response using a mouse model that harbors a point mutation in the class Ib MHC molecule Qa-1, which disrupts Qa-1 binding to the T cell receptor (TCR)-CD8 complex and impairs the CD8 Treg response.

The alpha 1 and alpha 2 domains of the class I MHC molecule constitute the putative binding site for processed peptides and the TCR, although the alpha 3 domain has been implicated as a binding site for the CD8 molecule.

Activation of CD8(+) cytolytic T lymphocytes (CTLs) by antigen is triggered by the interaction of clonotypic alphabeta T cell receptors (TCRs) with antigenic peptides bound to MHC class I molecules (pMHC complexes).

To investigate whether there are differences in the effector functions of these cells, we generated a panel of Tax11-19-reactive T cell clones by single cell sorting of HLA-A2/Tax11-19 tetramer binding CD8(+) T cells followed by repeated stimulation with PHA and IL-2.

Class I MHC molecules bind peptides in the endoplasmic reticulum and present them at the cell surface to circulating CD8+ T cells for analysis.

For CD8 T lymphocytes to mount responses to cancer and virally-infected cells, dendritic cells must capture antigens present in tissues and display them as peptides bound to MHC-I molecules.

Two major types of T cells, CD4(+) and CD8(+), that use the same genetic elements and process to generate a functional TCR differ in their recognition of peptide bound to MHC class II and I, respectively.

However, MHC-E also binds pathogen-derived peptide Ags for presentation to CD8+ T cells.

However, MHC-E also binds diverse foreign and neoplastic self-peptide antigens for presentation to CD8+ T cells.

To monitor the health of cells, the immune system tasks antigen-presenting cells with gathering antigens from other cells and bringing them to CD8 T cells in the form of peptides bound to MHC-I molecules.

One of the most important molecules involved in these events is the Major Histocompatibility Complex class I (MHC-I), responsible for binding and presenting small peptides from the intracellular environment to CD8(+) T cells.

ICAM-1 binding correlates with peptide-MHC multimer binding but, notably, it identifies the fraction of antigen-specific CD8+ T cells with immediate and high functional capability (i.

Major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class I molecules play a crucial role in the immune response by binding and presenting pathogen-derived peptides to specific CD8+ T cells.

In addition, it has been suggested that HLA-A68-restricted TCR might bind with higher affinity than other TCR due to their selection in the presence of a decreased contribution from CD8.

To test this concept in a relevant disease model we sought to identify multiple simian immunodeficiency virus (SIV)-derived CD8(+) epitopes bound by a single nonhuman primate major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class I molecule.

CD8-positive cytotoxic T cells (CTLs) are activated by recognition of peptide bound to MHC class I molecules on target cells.

We found that Nef coprecipitated with and disrupted the expression of molecules with cytoplasmic tails from MHC-I HLA-A2, CD4, CD8β, and CD28, but Nef did not bind to or alter the expression of molecules with cytoplasmic tails from CD80, CD86, and CD1d.

Nef colocalizes with MHC class I (MHCI), CD80, and CD86 in intracellular compartments, and binds to both mouse and human CD80 and CD86.

In this study we investigated whether a coordinated response of CD8 and CD4 T cells could be demonstrated in an HLA class I-directed immune response in a patient who developed severe graft-versus-host disease (GVHD) after the administration HLA-A2-mismatched donor lymphocyte infusion in the absence of inflammatory conditions.

IL2RγcKO) mice expressing HLA-DR4 molecules (DRAG mice) and those co-expressing HLA-DR4 and HLA-A2 molecules (DRAGA mice) did not differ in their ability to develop human T and B cells, to reconstitute cytokine-secreting CD4 T and CD8 T cells, or to undergo immunoglobulin class switching.

To test whether CD4 T cells can eradicate tumours without directly killing tumour cells, we developed an animal model in which tumour-derived antigen could be presented to T-cell receptor (TCR)-transgenic CD4 T cells by host but not tumour MHC class II molecules.

In addition to the present standard technologies such as intracellular cytokine staining (ICS), enzyme-linked immunospot (ELISPOT) and peptide-major-histocompatibility-complex (MHC) multimer staining, we aimed to develop a multiplex detection assay, which provides fast in vitro functional data for both human CD4 and CD8 T cells with different antigen specificities in one sample.

Mainstream CD8+ and CD4+ T cells of αβ lineage are developed in the thymus through TCR-mediated selection in the context of MHC class I and MHC class II in association with self-peptides, respectively.

Moreover, expression of secondary TCRs influences MHC class I-restricted T cells to develop as CD4+, particularly regulatory T cells.

Using murine models of bone marrow transplantation (BMT), we find that MHCII(-/-) →wild-type BMT developed disease, with defective development of innate memory phenotype (IMP, CD44(hi)/CD62L(lo)) CD4(+) T cells.

In contrast, γδ T cells do not express CD4 or CD8 and develop independently of MHC interaction.

In our study, an MHC-II mRNA DCs vaccine platform was developed to activate CD4+ T cells and to enhance the anti-tumor response.

Using a CD4+ T cell-mediated adoptive transfer model of autoimmune diabetes we observed that even though diabetes does not develop in recipient mice lacking IFNγ receptors, mice with MHC class II-deficient IEC were not protected from disease.

CD4 is a transmembrane glycoprotein of the immunoglobulin superfamily, expressed on developing thymocytes, major histocompatibility class II (class II MHC) restricted mature T lymphocytes and, in humans, on cells of the macrophage/monocyte lineage.

Staining with peptide-MHC tetramers demonstrated the expansion of CD8 T cells that recognize both the native and altered epitopes and possess an effector cytotoxic T lymphocyte phenotype (CD45RA(+) CD27(-) CCR7(-)).

First, using IFN-gamma ELISPOT and synthetic peptide arrays as a source of antigen, we measured ex vivo frequencies of CD8(+) T cells recognizing known immunodominant CD4(+) T cell antigens in persons with latent tuberculosis infection.

Third, we further confirmed that 6 D1 reacted with zebrafish CD4-1 but not CD4-2, and 2 C3 recognized zebrafish CD8α expressed on HEK293T cells.

Comparable frequencies of T cells that recognize Mtb-infected macrophages were determined using interferon-γ elispot and intracellular cytokine staining, and lung CD4 T cells more sensitively recognized Mtb-infected macrophages than lung CD8 T cells.

The D1 domain of the CD4 co-receptor interacts with MHC class II during Helper CD4+ Th-cell activation and effector function in all gnathostomes but the sequence and structure of this region are not well conserved through phylogeny.

We further highlight the capacity of CD4 to interact with the MHC in the absence of TCR.

The T-cell surface glycoprotein CD4 interacts with class II molecules of the major histocompatibility complex (MHC) enhancing the signal for T-cell activation.

It is proposed that this conserved polyanion binding site of CD4 interacts with a sulphated glycosaminoglycan chain which is associated with class II major histocompatibility complex (MHC) molecules containing recently processed antigen.

Using functional and adhesion assays, we have studied the ability of 30 human CD4 mutants to interact with class II major histocompatibility complex (MHC) molecules and also with gp120 from human immunodeficiency virus.

CD4 is an integral cell surface glycoprotein that is able to enhance T cell specific antigen responses when it interacts with its physiological ligand, class II major histocompatibility (MHC) molecules.

Further, the HIV envelope protein (gp120) binds to CD4 at a site that overlaps the site where CD4 interacts with class II MHC.

The CD8 coreceptor interacts with MHC class I molecules through an acidic loop in the MHC alpha 3 domain.

CD8 molecules function as co-receptors on cytotoxic T lymphocytes (CTLs)  interacting with a nonpolymorphic region of the major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class I a3 domain on antigen-presenting cells.

Since the murine CD8 molecule cannot interact with human HLA-A2.

Cytotoxic NK/CD8+ T cells interact with MHC-I ligands on tumor cells through either activating or inhibiting receptors.

CD8α, a fundamental but simple AIS component with only one immunoglobulin variable (IgV) domain, is a good example with which to explore this question because it can fold correctly to form homodimers (CD8αα) and interact with peptide-MHC I (p/MHC I) with low sequence identities between different species.

The CD8αα structures indicated that a few highly conserved residues are important in CD8 dimerization and in interacting with p/MHC I.

Our results indicate that during the evolutionary process, CD8αα has undergone dramatic changes that affect its dimeric structure and may use a new strategy to interact with p/MHC I.

Rab11a knockdown partially inhibits recycling of MHC-II in mature DCs and selectively inhibits presentation of an influenza virus hemagglutinin CD4 T cell epitope generated in early endosomes.

While our previous studies have demonstrated that polymer-grafting to MHC disparate leukocytes inhibits CD4+ cell proliferation, the effects of PEGylation on the alloproliferation of CD8+ cytotoxic T cells (CTL) was not examined.

Increased IL-10 stimulated the creation of tolerogenic DCs by significantly reducing MHC class II expression and MHC class II-antigen presentation, eventually inhibiting CD4+ T cell proliferation, along with decreased IFN-γ and IL-2.

With its unique specificity for domain 2 of CD4, this antibody potently and broadly blocks HIV-1 infection in vitro by inhibiting a postbinding step required for viral entry but without interfering with major histocompatibility complex class II (MHC-II)-mediated immune function.

Antibodies to the CD4-binding site (CD4bs) of HIV-1 envelope gp120 have been shown to inhibit MHC class II presentation of this antigen, but the mechanism is not fully understood.

Monomeric MHC class I binding can antagonize the stimulation triggered by soluble oligomers, a phenomenon also observed for CD4 T cells.

Seven CYP2D6 peptides with high HLA-A2 binding affinity colocalizing with known B cell or CD4 T cell epitopes were selected.

HLA molecules of the MHC class II (MHCII) bind and present pathogen-derived peptides for CD4 T cell activation.

In summary, our yeast-display-based platform yields high-quality MHC-II-binding peptide datasets that can be used to improve the accuracy of MHC-II binding prediction algorithms, and potentially enhance our understanding of CD4+ T cell recognition.

While downmodulation of cell surface MHC-I depends on M20, two EP repeats are the minimal binding site for the NAKC, and residues 32 to 39 mediate antagonism of the host cell restriction factor SERINC5 as well as downmodulation of cell surface CD4.

We conducted immunofluorescence studies of expression of MHCII, the binding partner of CD4, on patient liver biopsies of AH, NASH, and normal controls.

Activation of CD4+ T cells through interactions with peptides bound to Major Histocompatibility Complex Class II (MHC-II) molecules is a crucial step in clearance of most pathogens.

In this study, MHC binding assay was firstly used to predict CD4(+) T-cell epitopes on S.

Binding register prediction is concerned with determining the minimal core region of nine residues directly in contact with the MHC binding cleft, a crucial piece of information both for the identification and design of CD4(+) T cell antigens.

In order to address this problem, we have identified a novel murine anti-CD52 antibody which has been humanized using a process that avoids the inclusion within the variable domains of non-human germline MHC class II binding peptides and known CD4+ T cell epitopes, thus reducing its potential for immunogenicity in the clinic.

At the cellular level, sMHCII proteins compete with membrane MHCII for T-cell receptor binding on CD4(+) T cells.

We describe here an MHC class II binding peptide from the tumor protein p53, which possesses an acetylated lysine at position 120 (p53110-124/AcK120) that is effective in eliciting CD4(+) T cell responses specific for the acetylated peptide.

MHC class II (MHC-II) molecules are present on antigen presenting cells (APCs) and these molecules function by binding antigenic peptides and presenting these peptides to antigen-specific CD4(+) T cells.

However, the engineered junction results in non-native peptide sequences with the potential to elicit immune responses via major histocompatibility complex class-II (MHC-II)-binding and CD4+ T cell activation.

Upon recognition of foreign peptides expressed on the MHC-II binding groove, CD4+ T cells mount an immune response against invading pathogens.

Major Histocompatibility Complex class II (MHC-II) molecules bind peptides and present them to receptors on CD4+ T cells as part of the immune system\s surveillance of pathogens and malignancy.

CD4+ T lymphocytes, which orchestrate immune responses, receive a cognitive signal when clonally distributed receptors are occupied by peptides bound to major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class II molecules on antigen-presenting cells.

The HIV binding region appears to involve a restricted area of the larger class II MHC binding site on CD4.

Investigating the biological role of the much lower affinity of this interaction than those of other cell-cell recognition molecules will require CD4 mutants with enhanced binding to MHC class II for testing in models of T-cell development.

Modeling of the complex of the TCR and domain-swapped CD4 dimer bound to class II MHC and Ag supports the domain-swapped dimer as the immune coreceptor.

To this end, primary human CD4+ T cells were gene transferred with a high-avidity TCR, and were shown not only to bind peptide/MHC class I, but also to effectively kill Ag-positive tumor cells in the absence of CD8alpha.

KIR3DL2 binding to B27 inhibited NK IFN-γ secretion and promoted greater survival of KIR3DL2(+) CD4 T and NK cells than binding to other HLA-class I.

To date, efforts have been made to identify TERT peptides capable of stimulating CD4 T cells that are also able to bind diverse MHC-II alleles to ease immune status monitoring and immunotherapies.

We selected CD44 and EpCAM peptides that bind to HLA-A2 molecules on the basis of their binding affinity, as determined by a peptide-T2 binding assay.

Here we identified 107 major histocompatibility complex (MHC)-bound HIV peptides directly from the surface of live HIV-transfected 293 T cells, HIV-infected B cells, and primary CD4 T cells expressing a variety of HLAs.

LAG-3 is presented as a CD4 homolog type I transmembrane protein which binds MHC class II molecules.

How the ability of the CD4(+) T-cell compartment to bind self- and foreign-pMHC changes over the lifespan remains a fundamental aspect of T-cell biology that is largely unexplored.

In the mouse model of T1D, CD4 T cells respond to insulin B-chain peptide (B:9-23) mimotopes engineered to bind the mouse MHCII molecule, IA(g7), in an unfavorable position or register.

The lymphocyte activation gene 3 (LAG-3) is a CD4 homolog with binding affinity to MHC class II molecules.

2) SERCA2a 971-990-induced disease was associated with the induction of CD4 T cell responses and the epitope preferentially binds MHC class II/IAk rather than IEk By creating IAk/and IEk/SERCA2a 971-990 dextramers, the T cell responses were determined by flow cytometry to be Ag specific.

Identification of potential epitopes recognised by CD4+ T cells requires prediction of peptide binding to MHC class-II, an obligatory prerequisite for T cell recognition.

We found that CD4+ TILs from one patient recognized mutated C-terminal binding protein 1 in an MHC class II-restricted manner.

Here, we present crystal structures showing how these mutations control CD4+ T cell receptor (TCR) binding to these MHCII-peptide complexes.

Naive CD4+ T lymphocytes differentiate into various Th cell subsets following TCR binding to microbial peptide:MHC class II (p:MHCII) complexes on dendritic cells (DCs).

CD4 binds to MHC class II via its D1 and D2 domains.

We have generated an iodinatable mutant of rsCD4 by substituting Tyr for Phe(179) in the flexible, solvent-exposed C-terminal region of rsCD4(183), a truncated form of CD4 that consists of the first 183 residues of CD4 and includes the binding sites for HIV-1 gp120 and MHC class II molecules.

CD4 binds to non-polymorphic regions of class II MHC acting as a co-receptor for the T-cell antigen receptor (TCR).

It is hypothesized that 411 F, a polyanionic compound in aqueous solution at neutral pH, inhibits CD4-dependent functions by binding over a broad area of the positively charged amino-terminal D1 and D2 domains implicated in the interaction with MHC II molecules.

These data add further evidence to the hypothesis that HIV can act as an allostimulant due to its dual properties of CD4 binding and MHC mimicry.

In our study, we have analyzed the effect of amino acid substitution in a major CD4+ T cell determinant (T1) of HIV-1 gp160 on binding and recognition in the context of various E alpha E beta MHC class II molecules.

Human T cell glycoprotein CD4 binds to class II MHC molecules and to HIV envelope protein gp120.

(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS) The human CD4 molecule binds both human immunodeficiency virus envelope protein gp120 and class II major histocompatibility complex (MHC) molecules.

Strikingly, no correlation was found between the functional effects and the specificity of the mAb for different epitopes on CD4, such as the putative binding sites for MHC class II or HIV glycoprotein gp120.

Helper T-cell activation generally requires the coreceptor CD4, which binds MHC class II molecules.

CD4 is a cell surface glycoprotein that acts as a co-receptor for the T cell antigen receptor by binding to a non-polymorphic portion of MHC molecules.

However, reduced activity in downregulation of CD4, infectivity enhancement and virion incorporation of a Nef variant (Delta12-39) lacking an amphipatic helix required for binding of a cellular kinase complex and the association of Nef with MHC-I/AP-1 suggested a novel role of this N-terminal motif.

Human cytomegalovirus encodes two glycoproteins, US2 and US11, that target major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class I heavy chains for proteasomal degradation.

We therefore examined the response of peripheral blood CD8 T cells from new-onset T1DM patients and control subjects possessing HLA-A,0201 genes to potential CD8 T cell epitopes contained in a panel of peptides derived from proinsulin, glutamic acid decarboxylase, islet-specific glucose-6-phosphatase catalytic subunit-related protein and islet amyloid polypeptide, each putatively presented by the HLA class I molecule, HLA-A2.

CD8+ T cells are thought to play a key role in the control of viral replication and exert selective pressure on gag and nef in HLA-B,57 positive ES.

In this study, we sought to identify CD8(+) T cells controlling HIV-1 variants in 401 Japanese individuals chronically infected with HIV-1 subtype B, in which protective alleles HLA-B,57 and HLA-B,27 are very rare, by using comprehensive and exhaustive methods.

Both, ovalbumin (OVA)-specific (H2-K(b)/OVA(257-264)) memory CD8 T cells arisen from the endogenous T cell pool and adoptively transferred OVA-specific OT-I memory cells were unable to control growth of an OVA-expressing lymphoma in H2-K(b)-MICA mice.

No differences were observed in CD8+ T-cell counts among control subjects carrying the same combinations of HLA-A alleles (0.47 +/- 0.14.

HBV specific CD8+ T cells in whole blood samples of twenty-five acute hepatitis B patients, thirty-five chronic hepatitis B patients and ten healthy control were stained with pentamers complex of HLA-A2 and HBV core 18-27 peptide and counted by flow cytometry.

The influenza M1 epitope is an immunodominant target of CD8+ T cells that help to control influenza in HLA-A2+ individuals.

Thus, our findings highlight the ability of HTNV epitope-specific CD8(+) T-cell immunity to control HTNV and support the possibility that the HTNV-NP FA9 peptide, naturally processed in vivo in an HLA-A,02-restriction manner, may be a good candidate for the development HTNV peptide vaccines.

To better understand relationships between CD8+ T-cell specificity and the immune control of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1), we analyzed the role of HLA-B,13, an allele associated with low viremia, in a cohort of 578 C clade-infected individuals in Durban, South Africa.

These data are consistent with previous studies indicating an important role for the B 2705-Gag KK10 response in the control of HIV but also suggest a previously unrecognized role played by the subdominant Pol-specific KY9 response in HLA-B 2705 - mediated control of HIV and that the recognition of HIV-infected cells by CD8(+) T cells early in the viral life cycle may be important for viral containment in HIV-infected individuals.

Cumulative studies on human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)-infected individuals have shown association of major histocompatibility complex class I (MHC-I) polymorphisms with lower viral load and delayed AIDS progression, suggesting that HIV replication can be controlled by potent CD8+ T-cell responses.

CD8 T cells and CD56 NK cells were analyzed in 41 patients and 39 sex- and age-matched controls with different HLA-C genotypes by flow cytometry.

vICA-deficient mutants, lacking either UL36 or M36, exhibit greater susceptibility to CD8 T cell control than mutants lacking the set of immunoevasins known to disrupt antigen presentation via MHC class I.

Instead, we demonstrated that a major role of radiation was to increase the susceptibility of surviving cancer cells to CD8+ T cell-mediated control through enhanced MHC-I expression.

Notably, the ubiquitination of MHC II by MARCH 8 is controlled by CD83.

CMV-specific CD8(+) T cells fail to control virus replication upon primary infection in the SG due to CMV-induced MHC I downregulation in glandular epithelial cells.

We followed the time course of PPI-specific CD8+ T cells in JOT1D and AOT1D subjects that achieved glycemic control after 1 year of insulin therapy, using major histocompatibility complex-I (MHC-I) dextramers by flow cytometry.

Finally, using CD4(+) PHA blasts transduced with mRNA of a cancer-testis antigen MAGE-A4, we successfully generated specific CTL clones that recognized a novel HLA-B,4002 restricted epitope, MAGE-A4(223-231).

CD4 and CD8 T-cell lines recognized PSA in the context of HLA-DRbeta1,1501 and HLA-B,0702, respectively.

We have described previously the generation of seven HIV-SF2 Nef-specific, CD4+ T-cell clones, identification of epitopes within which are recognized by these clones, and the MHC alleles that restrict their responses.

Synthetic peptides representing a defined CD4+ human T cell epitope in gp120 were used to survey gp120 molecules from various HIV-1 strains for the capacity to be recognized in the context of a single human MHC molecule, DR4.

The blocking effect of the anti-CD8 Abs was attributable to directly inhibiting tetramer binding and was not attributable to Ab-mediated TCR-CD8 internalization and down-regulation.

Antibodies to CD8, but not those to CD4, also inhibited CTL activity, identifying CD8+ lymphocytes as the effector cell population.

CD226 blockade reduced CD107a+, IFN-γ+, and TNF-α+ proportions among CD8+CD226+ T cells inhibiting CD8+ T cell proliferation.

We suggest that allo- immunization may elicit (a) CC chemokines, CCR5 antibodies and CD8-SF that inhibit M-tropic HIV-1 infection and (b) the CXC chemokine SDF-1alpha and CD8-SF that inhibit T-tropic HIV-1 infection.

When used together, antibodies specific for CD11a/CD18 and CD8 inhibited suppressive activity of CD8(+) Treg clones.

Co-depletion of CD8+ T cells and NK cells did not inhibit tumor regression beyond CD8+ T-cell depletion alone, suggesting that the metronomic cyclophosphamide-activated NK cells function via CD8a+ T cells.

We show that GM-CSF modulates CD8a-, but not CD8a+ DCs in vivo, by inhibiting the surface expression of activation markers MHC II and CD80 and production of inflammatory cytokines such as IL-12 and IL-1beta.

CD8+ TECP mediated tolerance by inhibiting the migration and functions of skin DC and subsequently the priming of CD8+ Teff.

Additionally, our data reveal that CD81 inhibits Rac/STAT-1 activation, leading to a negative regulation of the production of TNF-α and NO by inflammatory DCs and the activation of cytotoxic T cells by splenic CD8α(+) DCs.

Using novel tamoxifen-inducible B cell-specific IL-10 knockout mice, we found that Bregs inhibit CD8+ T cell proliferation and inhibit inflammatory cytokine expression by both CD4+ and CD8+ T cells.

Instead, IL-27 neutralization or the use of IL-27Rα-/- CD8+ T cells inhibited CD8+ T cell proliferation and altered the phenotype and cytokine profile of reconstituted CD8+ T cells.

Moreover, PD-1 ligation in CD8+ T\240\cells activates STAT3 to increase FAO inhibiting CD8+ T effector cell glycolysis and functions.

In contrast, naïve CD8+ T-cell activation was strongly inhibited by β-AR signaling, and the beneficial effect of propranolol mainly occurred during CD8+ T-cell priming in the tumor-draining lymph node.

To verify that CD8+ T cells play a key role in inhibiting the development of melanoma, we transferred the sorted CD8+ T cells from immunized mice to B16F10 challenged models and found that the survival rate of tumour-bearing mice was significantly prolonged.

They made contacts with CD8+ T cells to facilitate vigorous apoptosis inhibit the activation and proliferation of alloreactive CD8+ T cells and induce regulatory T cells in secondary lymphoid organs, with the greatly minimized uptake by phagocytes.

The introduction of a mutated cysteine motif in CD8alpha, which prevents its binding to LCK and linker for activation of T cells, did not adversely affect expression and T cell cytotoxicity, but counteracted the CD8alpha-mediated down-regulation of IL-4 and IL-5, but not IL-10.

99 to the CD8 alpha binding loop and/or because of change(s) in the conformation of the CD8 alpha binding loop induced by the binding of mAb TP25.

To identify immunogenic CD8+ T-cell epitopes, human leucocyte antigen-A(,) 201-binding peptides were selected from the amino-acid sequence of prostein and were used for the in vitro stimulation of CD8+ T lymphocytes.

Furthermore, CD8+ T cell clones from low peptide dose-vaccinated patients bound CD8 binding-deficient tetramers more efficiently, suggesting that they may express higher affinity TCRs.

Here, we test the hypothesis that different sequence variants of an immunodominant CD8+ T cell epitope, all binding with high affinity to HLA class I, target different T cell receptor repertoires and thereby influence the quality of the CD8+ T cell response.

It is therefore speculated that minimum structure change of CD8 binding loop by substitution at residue 228 may influence binding affinity of CD8, which abrogates recognition of CD8-dependent CTL but not IL-2 production of the CD8-dependent T cell hybridoma.

We also identified CD8αα-expressing populations within the CD161 " mid" (CD161+) and " negative" (CD161-) non-MAIT CD8 T cell subsets and show TL-tetramer binding to correlate with expression of CD8β at low levels in the context of maintained CD8α expression (CD8α+CD8β(low)).

Substitutions in CD8alpha were solely responsible for the binding of CD8-specific monoclonal antibodies, as detected by cDNA expression in COS cells.

When naive CD8(+) T cells were primed in the absence of CD8 binding and subsequently restimulated in the presence of CD8 coligation, the proliferation of Ag-specific CTL was also severely hampered.

Despite recent evidence on the involvement of CD81 in pathogen binding and Ag presentation by dendritic cells (DCs), the molecular mechanism of how CD81 regulates immunity during infection remains to be elucidated.

Although biophysical studies with soluble proteins show that TCR and CD8 do not bind cooperatively to pMHCI, accumulating evidence suggests that TCR associates with CD8 on the T cell surface.

IL-12p70 polarizes T cell responses towards CD4+ T helper 1 cells, which then support the development of CD8+ cytotoxic T lymphocytes.

Our study suggest that CD40 activation supports the generation of tumor-specific CD8+ Tscm, thus providing new insight into cancer immunotherapy.

Further analysis showed that CD4(+) and CD8(+) T cells exhibited distinct preferences for certain amino acids in the CDR3, and this was confirmed further by a support vector machine classifier, suggesting that there are distinct and discernible differences between TCRβ CDR3 in CD4(+) and CD8(+) T cells.

We hypothesized that toll-like receptor (TLR) 3 agonist polyICLC or TLR4 agonist lipopolysaccharide (LPS), combined with CD4 T cell activation, would support strong and durable CD8+ T cell responses, whereas addition of an incomplete Freund\s adjuvant (IFA) would reduce magnitude and persistence of immune responses.

1/66 Pa peptide complex in vitro stimulated the in vivo-primed T cells as shown by increased T cell proliferation, higher secretion of the T cell cytokine interferon-gamma (IFN-gamma)  increased production of intracellular IFN-gamma in CD8+ T cells, and higher T cell-mediated cytotoxicities of CML66L+ human tumor cells.

Our meta-analyses with random-effect models showed a significant decrease in lymphocytes, monocyte, CD4+ T cells, CD8+ T cells, CD3 cells, CD19 cells, and natural killer (NK) cells and an increase in the white blood cell (WBC), neutrophils, neutrophil to lymphocyte ratio (NLR), C-reactive protein (CRP)/hs-CRP, erythrocyte sedimentation rate (ESR), ferritin, procalcitonin (PCT), and serum amyloid A (SAA), interleukin-2 (IL-2), IL-2R, IL-4, IL-6, IL-8, IL-10, tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-α), and interferon-gamma (INF-γ) in the severe group compared to the non-severe group.

Treatment with PEG-interferon alpha-2b plus ribavirin increased CCR5(high)/CXCR3(high) expressing CD8+ cells frequency in peripheral blood and decreased CXCL10/CCL3 serum concentration.

There was no difference in T-regulatory cell frequency, but interferon-γ and tumor necrosis factor-α production were increased in foreskin CD8(+) T cells.

Our results revealed that SEC1 could stimulate the proliferation of human peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) in a dose-dependent manner, accompanied with the release of interleukin-2, interferon-γ, and tumor necrosis factor-α, and increased the population of CD4+ T cells and CD8+ T cells.

Our results showed that cell activation, proliferation and secretion levels of interleukin-2 and interferon-γ were significantly increased in 4.1 R-/- CD8+ T cells.

To this end, we showed that C57BL/6 bone marrow-derived dendritic cells pulsed by rSIP resulted in enhanced CD40, CD80, CD86, and Major Histocompatibility Complex (MHC) class II as well as increased secretion proinflammatory cytokines Interleukin (IL)-6, Interferon (IFN)-γ, Tumor Necrosis Factor (TNF)-α, and IL-10.

Mechanistically, GLP-BiNP altered the tumor immunosuppression microenvironment by preferably increasing the number of intratumor CD8+ T cell proliferation, as well as the improved immunobalance shown as the increased serum interferon-γ/interleukin-4 ratio.

Although CD4+ T-cell assays have met with limited success, CD8+ T-cells are increasingly recognized as key actors in the diabetes of the NOD mouse.

Although virus-specific CD8(+) T cells from CCL3(-/-) mice were CD44(high), they remained CD62L(high) and CD25(low), retained CCR7 expression, and contained limited transcripts of the proinflammatory chemokine receptors CCR5 and CXCR3 compared with virus-specific CD8(+) T cells from CCL3(+/+) mice.

These results highlight the importance of developing vaccines that enhance antiviral CD8 T cells at sites of preferential viral replication and support the need for developing therapeutic interventions that limit expansion of SIV(+) PD-1(hi) CD4 T cells at mucosal sites as a means to enhance viral control.

The MHC class II-restricted CD8 T cells may play an important role in protection from intracellular pathogens that limit class I antigen presentation or diminish CD4 T-cell numbers or impair their function.

We observed extensive vector-specific cross-reactive CD4 T cell responses and more limited CD8 T cell responses between RhAd and HuAd vectors, but the impact of vector-specific cellular responses was far less than that of vector-specific NAbs.

These data suggest that CD8(+) T-cell-directed tumor vaccines in HCC may have limited potential for efficacy unless optimal co-stimulation conditions can be identified but CD4(+)-directed vaccines merit consideration.

Expression of LAG3NC intrinsically perturbs CD4+ T conventional cells (Tconvs)  limiting their capacity to provide CD8+ T cell help.

The Doherty laboratory used Murid Herpesvirus-4 (MuHV-4) to analyze γ-herpesvirus control in mice and found CD4+ T cell dependence, with viral evasion limiting CD8+ T cell function.

Furthermore, HLA-A,02:01-positive cells expressing CLIP-replaced Ii efficiently activated Ag-specific CD8(+) T cells in a TAP- and proteasome-independent manner.

MDA-MB-231, an HLA-A2(+), HER2/neu(+) allogeneic breast cancer cell line genetically modified to express the costimulatory molecule CD80 (B7-1), was used to vaccinate 30 women with previously treated stage IV breast cancer.

we show that the E5-induced reduction of HLA-A2 has a functional impact by reducing recognition of E5 expressing cells by HPV specific CD8+ T cells.

We show here that the primary response in vivo after intraperitoneal injection of DBA/2 mice with HLA-CW3 expressing transfectants of syngeneic P815 (H-2d) tumor cells is characterized by a dramatic expansion of CD8+ V beta 10 + CTL in the peritoneal cavity and draining (mesenteric) lymph node, as well as in peripheral blood.

A plasmid encoding the HCV-core antigen induced CD8(+) CTLs specific for three conserved endogenously expressed core peptides presented by human HLA-A2.

In order to get recognized by CD8 T cells, most cells present peptides from endogenously expressed self or foreign proteins on MHC class I molecules.

Consequently, progressing tumors are often MHC class I (MHC-I) low and express immune inhibitory molecules, such as PD-L1, which allows them to avoid the main antitumor host defense, CD8+ T cells.

Importantly, and in contrast to resting " mainstream" B cells in the periphery, thymic B cells display elevated levels of MHC class II and constitutively express CD80.

Muscle biopsy constantly showed multifocal necrotic myofibers, sarcolemmal MHC-I, and endomysial inflammation, consisting mainly of CD68+ cells expressing PD-L1 and CD8+ cells expressing PD-1.

Muscle biopsies of both patients clearly documented an inflammatory myopathy with the histological features of polymyositis including CD8+ T cells which invaded healthy muscle fibers and expressed granzyme B and perforin, many CD68+ macrophages and MHC class I antigen upregulation on the surface of most fibers.

In specimens from HIV-positive and seronegative patients, the predominant cell population was CD8+ cells and macrophages invading or surrounding healthy muscle fibers that expressed MHC-I antigen on their surface.

Further, experiments on supported lipid bilayers loaded with peptide-MHC (pMHC) complexes showed that surface-anchored N protein prevented immunological synapse assembly by naive CD4(+) T cells and, to a lesser extent, by antigen-experienced T-cell blasts.

BALB/c donor hearts were heterotopically transplanted into fully MHC-mismatched C57BL/6 recipients and acute rejection was prevented by depletion of CD4+ T cells or treatment with CsA.

Thus recombinant gp120 well as antibodies that recognize the gp120 undying site of CD4 can prevent the interaction of CD4 with class II MHC.

Second, siRNA knockdown or CRISPR/Cas9 ablation of class II MHC molecules on EC prevents CD4+ TEM from helping CD8+ TEM to develop into CTL in vitro.

The utility of these reagents is demonstrated here in identifying the CD8+ T-cell specificity most effective in preventing HIV progression in HIV-infected HLA-B,27-positive immune controllers.

Tumors cells can escape cytotoxic CD8+ T cells by preventing MHC I display of tumor antigens.

The first level would be mediated by a diffusible CD8+ cell-derived factor that prevents expression of the retroviral genome in a non-MHC restricted fashion.

In persons expressing HLA-A3, we demonstrate consistent selection for a mutation in a C-terminal flanking residue of the normally immunodominant Gag KK9 epitope that prevents its processing and presentation, resulting in a rapid decline in the CD8 T-cell response.

The murine cytomegalovirus immunoevasin m152/gp40 binds major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class I molecules and retains them in the early secretory pathway by a previously unknown mechanism preventing antigen presentation to CD8+ T\240\cells.

To analyze CD8(+) T cell responses to a variety of antigens with no readily defined peptides available, we developed a system using CD4(+) phytohemagglutinin (PHA) blasts transduced with mRNA for antigen molecules.

The presence of LESTR mRNA in very early thymocytes as well as in immature (CD4+ CD8+) thymocytes suggests that both CD4 and LESTR are co-expressed and render developing human thymocytes susceptible for HIV entry, which may affect generation of both CD4+ CD8- and CD4- CD8+ mature lineages.

The aim of this study was to use C57BL/6 CD4+-deficient mice with a mutation in the αβ gene encoding for Major histocompatibilty complex (MHC) class II molecules to (1) develop a mouse model of flucloxacillin sensitization, (2) explore whether drug-specific CD8+ kill primary hepatocytes, and (3) analyze perturbations in liver integrity following oral exposure to flucloxacillin.

Additionally, HIV-specific CD8+ T cells induced by HIV-primed mLCs produced more IFN-γ than HIV-nonspecific CD8+ T cells.

We also noted relatively high basal expression of Plac8 in CD8 T cells which could be further induced following IL-12 stimulation in CD8 T cells.

In vivo CD8 depletion in two LTNP induced AIDS in one LTNP (V542) post anti-CD8 treatment and the other (AJ07) remained healthy after a transient spike in viremia.

In addition, CD8+HLA-DR+ Treg induced a preferential death on responder CD8+ T cells.

These transformed cells provide an important tool in the study of CD8(+) T-cells and may provide important insights into the mechanism(s) behind HIV-1 induced CD8(+) T-cell dysfunction.

These data demonstrate that de novo responses against escape variants of CD8(+) T-cell epitopes can be generated in chronic HIV-1 infection and provide the rationale for developing vaccines to induce CD8(+) T-cell responses directed against both the wild-type and variant forms of CD8 epitopes to prevent the emergence of cytotoxic T-lymphocyte escape variants.

HCV-specific CD8 responses were undetectable when HCV-RNA was negative, showing that inhibition of HCV replication in the setting of a HBV superinfection was not sufficient to induce a restoration of CD8 reactivity against HCV.

Only rV-gp100-infected CD83(+) DCs induced CD8(+) T cells, after a single stimulation that recognized both peptide-pulsed target cells to multiple gp100 epitopes and a melanoma cell line that endogenously expressed gp100 antigen.

In contrast, one anti-human CD8 Ab, OKT8 induced effector function in all CD8(+) T cells examined.

In addition, our results showed that HTLV-1-specific CD8+ T cells can be efficiently induced by OML/Tax from HTLV-1 carriers compared with epitope peptide alone, and these HTLV-1-specific CD8+ T cells were able to lyse cells presenting the peptide.

Additionally, our results show that HTLV-1-specific CD8+ T-cells can be induced by peptide with HTLV-1/HBc particle from ATL patient, but not by peptide only and these HTLV-1-specific CD8+ T-cells were able to lyse cells presenting the peptide.

Our previous study showed that the CD8(+) T-cell epitope aa129-aa137 (FVVPILLKA, FA9) of the Hantaan virus (HTNV) nucleoprotein (NP), restricted by human leukocyte antigen (HLA)-A,02 induced specific CD8(+) T-cell responses that controlled HTNV infection in humans.

In the analysis of alloreactive memory CD8 T cells, XF-ADSCs also significantly induced the production of CFSE-low-CD8 TEM and-CD8 TCM cells.

Single-cell RNA sequencing of tumor-infiltrating T cells revealed that while vaccination expanded CD8 T cells, only the combination of vaccine with αPD-1 induced functional gene expression signatures in those CD8 T cells.

These data indicate that CD8β depletion and N-803 administration can induce virus reactivation in SHIVSF162P3-infected RMs despite suboptimal depletion of CD8+ T cells and profound ART-induced suppression of virus replication, thus confirming a critical role for these cells in suppressing virus production and/or reactivation in vivo under ART.

In vitro, both subsets have the capacity to activate naive T cells, although CD8a+ DC have been shown to induce T cell apoptosis and to stimulate lower levels of cytokines compared with CD8alpha- DC.

STA-21 enhanced the clinical course of arthritis in CAIA mice and decreased CD8+RORγt+ and CD8+IL-21+ cells while inducing the production of CD8+Foxp3+ cells.

In IL-2-dependent CTCL cells, CD80 expression is induced by the cytokine in a Jak1/3- and STAT5a/b-dependent manner, whereas in the CTCL cells with constitutive STAT5 activation, CD80 expression is also STAT5a/b dependent but is independent of Jak activity.

Although depletion of CD80 expression does not affect the proliferation rate and viability of CTCL cells induced expression of the cell-inhibitory receptor of CD80, CD152 (CTLA-4), impairs growth of the cells.

Both KET and ROB caused a depletion of CD8+ aTeff cells, and additionally KET induced a loss of CD8+ Trest cells.

HBsAg-specific CD8+ T cells were generated and specifically and continuously induced hepatocyte apoptosis with progressive chronic inflammation, and the depletion of CD8+ T cells or their deficiency prevented HCC, which could then be reproduced by the transfer of HBsAg-specific CD8+ T cells.

XCL1-GPC3-targeted DCs enhanced antigen-specific CD8+ T-cell proliferation and induced the de novo generation of GPC3-specific CD8+ T cells, which abolished GPC3-expressing tumor cells in mouse and human systems.

PD-1 blockade in unprimed or suboptimally primed CD8 cells induces resistance through the induction of PD-1+CD38hi CD8+ cells that is reversed by optimal priming.

Furthermore, co-culture with CD8+ T cells induced immature CD27+ LrNK cells to convert into mature CD27- LrNK cells, whereas blocking the interaction of CD70 and CD27 abrogated the ability of CD8+ T cells to promote the maturation of LrNK cells.

Moreover, adoptive transfer of virus-specific effector CD8+ T cells or immunization with a vaccine that induces virus-specific effector CD8+ T cells prior to infection enhanced the clearance of CHIKV infection in the spleen but had a minimal impact on CHIKV infection in the joint.

They efficiently prime tumor antigen-specific CD8 T cells in vivo induce CD8 T cell migration to the tumor site, delay tumor growth and enhance survival in murine tumor models.

Here we report that effector/memory CD8(+) T cells induced by MCMV can be paradoxically boosted following transient depletion of epitope specific CD8(+) T cells.

CD8+ T cells are important for immunity to such pathogens but how NOD2 and TLR2 induce antigen specific CD8+ T cell responses is unknown.

The array was screened to identify antigen-specific CD8+ T\240\cells induced by a live sporozoite vaccine regimen known to provide high levels of sterile protection mediated by CD8+ T\240\cells.

The GzB positive but IFN-gamma negative CD8 cells are programmed to induce apoptosis mediated killing without inflammation while the GzB negative and IFN-gamma positive CD8 cells could mediate inflammation without killing.

A number of schizont-stage antigens that are targets of CD8+ T cell responses from immune animals have been identified but an effective delivery strategy that consistently induces protective CD8+ T cell responses remains to be developed.

Gag-specific CD8(+) T-cell responses were efficiently induced in A(+) animals, while Nef-specific CD8(+) T-cell responses were in A(+), E(+), and B(+) animals.

We observed that CD11c+ APCs are critical for early priming of CD8 T cells against the immunodominant TMEV peptide VP2121-130 Loss of H-2Db on CD11c+ APCs mitigates the CD8 T cell response preventing early viral clearance and immunopathology associated with CD8 T cell activity in the CNS.

) injection of antigen-pulsed ECP-BMDCs in recipient C57BL/6 mice induced specific CD8+ T cells endowed with immunomodulatory properties (referred to as CD8+ TECP), which prevented the priming of CD8+ Teff and the development of CHS, independently of conventional CD4+ regulatory T cells.

CD8 T cell depletion prevented mortality in Cl-13-infected D2B6F1 mice indicating that mortality was CD8 T-cell-dependent.

On the other hand, PD-1 blockade of optimally primed CD8 cells prevented the induction of dysfunctional CD8 cells, reversing resistance.

Higher SP in human memory CD8 T cells allows them to outcompete and prevent naive CD8 T cells from getting recruited to the response.

The first year after rATG, CD4+, and CD8+ T cells were affected in their IL-7-dependent phosphorylation of STAT5 (pSTAT5) which was most outspoken in the CD8+ memory population.

Evidence of infiltration of CD8-positive T cells to tumors and affected nervous tissues and limited use of the T cell receptor repertoire in the central nervous system suggests that CD8-positive cytotoxic T cells (CTL) cause neuronal loss.

Although depletion of CD80 expression does not affect the proliferation rate and viability of CTCL cells, induced expression of the cell-inhibitory receptor of CD80, CD152 (CTLA-4), impairs growth of the cells.

In contrast to KET and ROB, ASA had no effect on the activation-induced CD25 expression on CD4+ and CD8+ T cells, nor did it affect the counts of CD4+ and CD8+ activated effector (aTeff) and resting (Trest) T cells.

Taurine also significantly increased the number of CD4- CD8- double negative (DN), CD4+ CD8+ double positive (DP), CD4+ single positive (CD4+) and CD8+ SP (CD8+) cells compared with the Dex + PBS group, but did not affect the CD4+/CD8+ cell ratio in thymus of Dex-induced immunoseppressive mice.

In this study, we show that transgenic expression in NOD mice of HLA-A,0201, in the absence of murine class I MHC molecules, is sufficient to mediate autoreactive CD8+ T cell responses contributing to T1D development.

MuRas(5-14) and muRas(6-14) were shown to specifically induce CD8(+) T-cell mediated cytotoxicity against HLA-A2-positive, muRas-bearing pancreatic carcinoma cells.

These studies indicate that the continual production of antidonor class I MHC antibody can mediate allograft rejection, that donor-reactive CD8 T cells synergize with the antibody to contribute to rejection, and that expression of three biomarkers during rejection can occur in the absence of this CD8 T cell activity.

The major histocompatibility complex class I polypeptide-related sequence A (MICA) glycoprotein mediates the activation of the natural killer group 2 D receptor (NKG2D) expressed on NK and CD8+ T cells.

Their immunological properties of stimulating activation and proliferation of lymphocytes, of inducing T(H1) polarization, CD8+ T cell magnification and HBV-specific CD8+ CTL mediated cytotoxicity were investigated in vitro using HLA-A2+ human peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) from healthy donors and chronic hepatitis B patients.

Their immunological properties of inducing T(H1) polarization, CD8(+) HBV-specific CTL expansion and CD8(+) T cell mediated cytotoxicity were investigated in HLA-A2 transgenic mice.

HLA-B,39:06 was able to mediate the development of CD8 T cells, support lymphocytic infiltration of the islets, and confer T1D susceptibility.

Our results demonstrate that HLA-A,02 mediates a modest, but none the less stronger, EBV-specific CD8(+) T cell response than non-HLA-A,02 alleles, an effect confined to EBV latency-II antigens.

In conclusion, our results suggest a dominant role of HLA-B27 in mediating spontaneous viral clearance as well as viral evolution in HCV infection and mechanistically link both associations to a dominant novel CD8+ T cell epitope.

Abacavir-induced hypersensitivity syndrome is a CD8+ T cell dependent IM-ADR that is exclusively mediated by HLA-B,57:01.

CD4 T cells have been shown to respond to soluble oligomers of activating class II MHC-peptide complexes, but not to soluble monomers.

We argue that CD4+ T cells are essential for initiating and maintaining the pathogenic process of psoriasis but that cross-primed CD8+ T cells are the main effector cells responding to antigens in the HLA-Cw,0602 binding pocket of keratinocytes.

Parallel experiments assaying cell surface HLA-ABC expression in infected activated primary CD4(+) T cells produced a similar pattern of results.

Confocal microscopy revealed that MICA is retained mostly inside activated CD4+ T cells.

Significantly, TGFβ/IL-2 stimulation prevented acute rejection of allografts across a major MHC mismatch in the presence of highly activated allo-stimulated D CD4(+) T cells.

In determining the reactivity of CD8 T cells to soluble activating class I MHC-peptide complexes, a complicating phenomenon had been observed whereby peptide from soluble complexes was loaded onto cell surface MHCs on the T cells and re-presented to other T cells, clouding the true valency requirement for activation.

with syngeneic P815 tumor cells transfected with the HLA-CW3 gene (P815-CW3) showed a dramatic expansion of activated CD8+CD62L- T cells expressing exclusively the Vbeta10 segment.

MICA and MICB are innate immune system ligands for the NKG2D receptor expressed by natural killer cells and activated CD8(+) T cells.

Whereas NKG2D can only function as a costimulatory receptor on CD8+ alphabeta T cells under the domination of alphabeta TCR in spite of a deficiency of costimulatory molecule CD28, NKG2D can directly activate NK cells even in the presence of inhibitory signals from MHC-I and corresponding receptor complexes.

Ligands for receptors of natural killer (NK) cells and CD8(+) cytotoxic T lymphocytes (CTL), such as the inhibitory nonclassical HLA-G, the activating stress-induced major histocompatibility complex class I-related antigens MICA and MICB, and/or the UL16-binding proteins (ULBPs), are often aberrantly expressed upon viral infection and neoplastic transformation, thereby preventing virus-infected or malignant-transformed cells from elimination by immune effector cells.

Major histocompatibility complex class I C-related molecules A and B (MICA and MICB) are innate immune system ligands for the NKG2D receptor expressed by natural killer cells and activated CD8(+) T cells.

We also observed upregulated MICA expression on activated CD8+ T cells, which were susceptible to NK cell mediated lysis in SAA.

In this study, we showed that MHC class I-related chain B (MICB), a ligand of the NKG2D receptor expressed by natural killer cells and activated CD8(+) T cells, was upregulated following 5-aza-dC treatment.

) major-related candidate antigens (CPBCPCLmsTI-1TSALeIF and LPG-3) were screened for potential CD8(+) T cell activating 9-mer epitopes presented by HLA-A,0201 (the most frequent HLA-A allele).

With the tetramer carrying the dominant HLA-A2 epitope, HAV-specific and activated CD8+ T cells could be detected ex vivo.

We find that by altering the cell surface density of the immunizing peptide on the dendritic cells, either by pulsing with higher concentrations of peptide, or by changing the MHC-peptide-binding affinity by generating variants of the parent peptides, the size of the activated CD8+ T cell populations can be modulated in vivo.

In three of these donors with HLA types allowing MHC-tetramer analysis, highly activated EBV-specific T-cells were detectable in the blood with one individual epitope response reaching 15 % of all CD8+ T-cells.

In HLA-B,27-independent rodent models, spondyloarthritis can be driven by IL-23 triggering entheseal-resident CD4-/CD8- T cells or CD4+ Th17\240\T cells.

Therefore, it can be concluded that the screened MHC class-II-restricted epitope hotspots derived from Leishmania ODC can trigger CD4+ T cells, which can skew macrophage functions towards protection.

Peptide MHC class II-based (pMHCII-based) nanomedicines trigger the formation of multicellular regulatory networks by reprogramming autoantigen-experienced CD4+ T cells into autoimmune disease-suppressing T regulatory type 1 (TR1) cells.

We showed that MHC class I tumor immunogenicity was essential to trigger tumor-directed CD4 T\240\cells.

Positive selection of their TCRs by self-peptide presented on either MHC class I or class II triggers their fate decisions along with mutually exclusive retention and silencing of two coreceptors, CD4 and CD8.

In addition, in silico analysis suggested the presence of MHC class I and II-restricted epitopes that proficiently trigger CD8+ and CD4+ T-cells, respectively.

CD8+ T cells expressed genes encoding the TJ proteins claudin-3,-7,-12, and ZO-1 at higher levels when compared with myeloid and B cells in the MG among lactating mice.

In vitro CD8(+) CD28(-) CD56(+) T cells tolerize APCs prevent the priming of naive CD4(+) T cells, and suppress memory CD4(+) T cell responses.

We demonstrate that while RPM increased the ratio of Treg to Teff cells and suppressed CD8+ T cell allo-activation, it failed to prevent CD4 Teff cell activation and impaired CXCR3-dependent Treg graft homing, thereby limiting the efficacy of RPM in VCA recipients.

Inhibition of CD40L partially prevented the antiviral activity of the CD8+ T cells.

To evaluate the ability of the DENV1-NS poly-epitope to express the antigenic peptides in the context of different HLA class I molecules, we established its in vivo immunogenicity by measuring, after DNA immunization and electroporation, the activation of DENV-specific CD8 T cells in transgenic mice expressing the human HLA-A,0201,-A,2402,-B,0702, and-B,3502 class I alleles.

This CD8+ TIL clone specifically recognized and killed a fraction of melanoma cells lines expressing Melan-A/MART1 and HLA-Cw,0701.

The nonclassical MHC class I molecule MHC class I-related chain A (MICA) interacts with the NKG2D receptor expressed at the surface of most peripheral CD8 T cells, gammadelta T cells, and NK cells.

The major histocompatibility complex class I polypeptide-related sequence A gene (MICA) encodes a membrane-bound protein acting as a ligand to stimulate an activating receptor, NKG2D expressed on the surface of essentially all human natural killer (NK), γδ T and CD8(+) αβ T cells.

The major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class I-related chain A (MICA) and B (MICB) are ligands for the natural killer group 2, member D (NKG2D) activating receptor expressed on natural killer (NK) cells, natural killer T (NKT) cells, CD8+ T cells and γδ T cells.

Major-histocompatibility-complex class I-related chain A (MICA) antigens are the ligands of NKG2D, which is an activating or coactivating receptor expressed on human NK cells and CD8+T cells.

Major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class I chain-related protein A (MICA), which is a ligand for human NKG2D is expressed by a variety of epithelial tumor cells and promotes the activation of natural killer (NK), CD8(+) and γδ-T cells.

Major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class I chain-related protein A (MICA), which is a ligand for human NKG2D, is expressed by a variety of epithelial tumor cells and promotes the activation of natural killer (NK), CD8(+) and γδ-T cells.

MICA, a ligand for NKG2D was abundantly expressed in the tracheal epithelial cells, validating the use of NKG2D as the major co-stimulatory receptor by tissue-resident CD8+ effector T cells.

MICA is the ligand for the activating receptor NKG2D expressed mainly by NK cells and CD8+ cytotoxic T cells.

In vitro, UL16 interacts with MICB and ULBPs that are ligands for the stimulatory receptor NKG2D expressed on NK cells and CD8(+) T cells.

Major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class I chain-related gene B (MICB) encodes a ligand for activating NKG2D that expressed in natural killer cells, γδ T cells, and αβ CD8+ T cells, which is associated with autoimmune diseases, cancer, and infectious diseases.

In order to optimize CD8(+) cytotoxic T-lymphocyte (CTL) responses, the immunologic effects of direct lymph node (LN) injections of canary pox virus (ALVAC) vectors (expressing the melanoma antigen, gp100) and immunogenic gp100 peptides, along with concomitant injections of the helper adjuvant, tetanus toxoid, were studied in high-risk HLA-A,0201(+) patients.

Here we demonstrate an A2-restricted epitope within Vpr (Vpr59-67) that is targeted by acute-phase HIV-1-specific CD8+ T cells, but only in a subset of persons expressing HLA-A2.

In these transgenic mice, CD8+ T cells express the variable regions of a human T cell receptor (hTCR) specific for an HLA-A,0201-restricted gp100(209-217).

However, incubation of epithelial cells with ISCOMATRIX and recombinant M1 protein activated CD8+ T cells inefficiently, unlike the incubation of C1R cells expressing a HLA-A2 trans gene or HLA-A2+ B-lymphoblastoid cells with these reagents.

In this study it was found that peptide pp65(341-350) induced a specific reactivation of memory CD8+ T cells from CMV-seropositive donors expressing either HLA-A,2402 and/or HLA-A,0101.

In this study, HIV-1-specific CD8+ T-cell responses in 18 acutely infected individuals expressing HLA-A3 and/or-B7 were characterized.

Normal CD8(+) T cells were retrovirally gene-modified to express both CCR2 and HLA-A,2402-restricted and WT1(235-243) nonapeptide-specific TCR as an effector.

To analyze the antiviral efficacy of virus-specific CD8(+) T cells ex vivo, we used an immunologic model based on a cell line that expresses HLA-A,02 and contains a stably replicating HCV reporter replicon.

We recently developed an influenza-SIV vaccination model of pigtail macaques (Macaca nemestrina) and used this to study both influenza-specific and SIV-specific CD8(+) T-cells in 39 pigtail macaques expressing the common Mane-A,10(+) (Mane-A01,084) MHC-I allele.

CD8I-J2 cells expressing wild-type or affinity-enhanced hTERT-specific TCRs were analyzed for their recognition of serially diluted cognate peptide on HLA-A,24:02-transduced T2 cells.

Herein, we show HLA class I-restricted ticlopidine-specific CD8+ T-cell activation in healthy donors expressing HLA-A,33:03.

To define whether individual human leukocyte antigen (HLA) class I allotypes are used preferentially in human cytomegalovirus (CMV)-specific cytotoxic T lymphocyte responses, CD8+ T cell responses restricted by up to six HLA class I allotypes in an individual were measured in parallel using K562-based artificial antigen-presenting cells expressing both CMV pp65 antigen and one of 32 HLA class I allotypes (7 HLA-A, 14 HLA-B, and 11 HLA-C) present in 50 healthy Korean donors.

HIS-A2/hCD1d mice, which possess both functional human iNKT cells and CD8+\240\T cells, were generated by the transduction of NSG mice with adeno-associated virus serotype 9 expressing genes that encode human CD1d molecules and HLA-A,0201, followed by the engraftment of human hematopoietic stem cells.

To address which regions of the MV proteome are eligible for recognition by CD8(+) CTLs and how different HLA class I loci contribute to the epitope display, we interrogated the naturally processed and presented MV peptidome extracted from cell lines expressing in total a broad panel of 16 different common HLA-A,-B, and-C molecules.

We have worked to overcome this limitation by using lentiviral transduction to \ reprogram\ primary human CD8 T cells to express three T cell receptors (TCRs) specific for a peptide derived from the β cell antigen islet-specific glucose-6-phosphatase catalytic subunit-related protein (IGRP265-273) and recognized in the context of the human class I major histocompatibility complex (MHC) molecule HLA-A2.

The proportion of virus-specific CD8+ gamma interferon (IFN-gamma)-positive T cells in in vitro-stimulated PBMC was determined by intracellular IFN-gamma staining after restimulation with virus-infected autologous B-lymphoblastoid cell lines and C1R cell lines expressing only HLA-B,2705.

To determine whether CD8 T lymphocytes from HIV-1-infected patients expressing B,5701 and B,5703 show broad cross-reactivity against different variants of a conserved p24 epitope, which might account for the good prognosis of HIV-1-infected individuals with HLA-B,57.

One peptide (p18) of 3 candidates from an ARF of the F9 transgene induced CD8(+) T cell reactivity in mice expressing the human MHC class I molecule B0702.

These epitope-specific CD8(+) T cells strongly responded to HIV-1-infected cells expressing HLA-B,4801, confirming that these Gag epitopes were endogenously presented by HLA-B,4801.

Therefore, the goal of this study was to investigate the involvement of early changes in CD8 T cells and CD56 natural killer (NK) cells expressing NK receptors in different HLA-C dimorphism groups of melanoma patients.

These data are compared with our own recent studies showing that IL-4 impairs CD8+ T-cell-mediated immunity against the mastocytoma cell line P815 expressing the immunogenic HLA-CW3 gene.

Here, we report the postgrafting emergence of a large, donor-type CD3+/CD8+ T-cell receptor (TcR)-alpha beta+ cell population, barely detectable in normal subjects, that expresses 58 kD, " p58" NK receptors for HLA-C locus alleles.

A particular emphasis is given to the role of HLA-C expressed by EVT and its capacity to elicit dNK and CD8+ dT responses.

Proliferating precursor cells were infected by a retroviral vector encoding the HER2 Ag and further differentiated into CD83+ DC expressing high levels of MHC, adhesion, and costimulatory molecules.

In the current work, we have confirmed the presence of IgM+, IgD+, IgT+, CD8α+, CD3+ cells, and cells expressing major histocompatibility complex (MHC-II) in rainbow trout (Oncorhynchus mykiss) liver by flow cytometry and/or immunohistochemistry analysis.

Recipient endogenous memory CD8 T cells expressing reactivity to donor class I MHC infiltrate MHC-mismatched cardiac allografts within 24 \240\hours after reperfusion and express effector functions mediating graft injury.

PM and IBM are T-cell mediated disorders, where CD8 positive cytotoxic T cells invade muscle fibers expressing MHC class I antigens, this leading to fiber necrosis.

A higher frequency of cytotoxic CD8(+) T cells and monocytes/macrophages expressing the MHC II molecule were observed in the infected group.

For a long time, the role of CD8(+) T cells in blood-stage malaria was not considered important because erythrocytes do not express major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class I proteins.

In this study we analyzed different parameters of the CD8 T cell response as a function of time after vaccination with a human serotype 5 adenovector expressing the glycoprotein (GP) of LCMV tethered to the MHC class II-associated invariant chain.

Moreover, MHC-I and-II+ cells are expressed by individual cells in organ layers, while CD8+ T cells and CD68+ macrophages are dominant in epithelium and muscle layer, respectively.

We discovered a non-MHC-linked Ir gene in a T\240\cell receptor (TCR) locus that was required for CD8+ T\240\cell responses to the Plasmodium berghei GAP5040-48 epitope in mice expressing the MHC class I allele H-2Db.

Here we show that senescent dermal fibroblasts express the non-classical MHC molecule HLA-E, which interacts with the inhibitory receptor NKG2A expressed by NK and highly differentiated CD8+ T cells to inhibit immune responses against senescent cells.

This protocol describes an experimental system to investigate co-agonism during human CD8+ T cell activation by expressing human MHC class I molecules presenting pre-determined peptides as single polypeptides (single chain MHC) in a xenogeneic cell line.

Unlike humans, whose CD8(+) T cell responses are restricted by a maximum of six HLA class I alleles, macaques express up to 20 distinct major histocompatibility complex class I (MHC-I) sequences.

MHC class I-specific inhibitory receptors are expressed by a subset of memory-phenotype CD8(+) T cells.

CD8+ CTL specific for SCCE 123-131 lysed autologous macrophages infected with an SCCE-expressing recombinant adenovirus, and also lysed HLA-A2.

We conclude that Mtb-specific CD8(+) T cells are found in high frequency in infected individuals and are restricted predominantly by HLA-B alleles, and that synthetic peptide arrays can be used to define epitope specificities without prior bias as to MHC binding affinity.

We used a large panel of well-characterized dengue virus-specific CD8+ T-cell clones isolated from Pacific Islanders previously infected with dengue virus 1 to examine effector memory function, focusing on a novel dominant HLA-B,5502-restricted NS5(329-337) epitope, and assessed T-cell responses to stimulation with variant peptides representing heterologous serotypes.

Conventional CD8(+) T cell responses against intracellular infectious agents are initiated upon recognition of pathogen-derived peptides presented at the cell surface of infected cells in the context of MHC class I molecules.

HBV-specific CD8+ T cells in peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) from patients infected with HBV were analyzed by flow cytometry using two HLA-A,2402-HBV peptide tetrameric complexes.

Moreover, the CD3 + CD8+ component of the response recognised syngeneic T1 cells naturally infected with HIV-1 in a virus-specific and MHC restricted-manner.

We compared the transcriptome, phenotype, and function of memory CD8+ T cells, sharing the same HSV-1 epitope-specificities, from infected HLA-A,0201 positive symptomatic (SYMP) vs.

Host\s HLA-A,02 allele, HLA-E, 1 : 1/, 1 : 3 genotype and sequence of the UL40 peptide from the infecting strain are major factors affecting the incidence of HLA-EUL40 CD8 T cells.

Furthermore, therapeutic immunization with an innovative prime/pull vaccine, based on priming with multiple ASYMP epitopes (prime) and neurotropic TG delivery of the T cell-attracting chemokine CXCL10 (pull), boosted the number and function of CD44highCD62LlowCD8+ effector memory T cells and CD103highCD8+ tissue-resident T cells in TG of latently infected HLA-A,0201-transgenic mice and reduced recurrent ocular herpes following UV-B-induced reactivation.

By stimulating human CD8(+) T lymphocytes with autologous dendritic cells infected with an adenovirus encoding MAGE-3, we obtained a cytotoxic T lymphocyte (CTL) clone that recognized a new MAGE-3 antigenic peptide, AELVHFLLL, which is presented by HLA-B40.

Hepatitis C virus (HCV)-specific CD8(+) T cells in peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) from patients infected with HCV were quantitatively analyzed by flow cytometry using an HLA-B,3501-HCV epitope tetrameric complex.

To identify dominant CD8+ T cell responses recognized in HIV-1 clade CRF01_AE infected subjects we drew upon data from an immunological screen of 100 HIV-1 clade CRF01_AE infected subjects using IFN-gamma ELISpot to characterize a novel immunodominant CD8+ T cell response in HIV-1 Gag restricted by HLA-Cw,0102 (p24, (277) YSPVSILDI(285), YI9).

Ideally, CD8+ T-cell responses against virally infected or malignant cells are defined at the level of the specific peptide and restricting MHC class I element, a determination not yet made in the dog.

The ability to monitor vaccine-elicited CD8(+) cytotoxic T-lymphocyte (CTL) responses in simian immunodeficiency virus (SIV)-and simian-human immunodeficiency virus (SHIV)-infected rhesus monkeys has been limited by our knowledge of viral epitopes predictably presented to those lymphocytes by common rhesus monkey MHC class I alleles.

CD8+ cells from human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) infected individuals have been shown to suppress HIV-1 replication both through a major histocompatibility complex (MHC)-restricted cytolytic pathway as well as through a noncytolytic pathway mediated through soluble factors.

Phenotypic characterization of the tetramer-binding CD8(+) lymph node T lymphocytes of the infected monkeys demonstrated a high level of expression of the activation-associated adhesion molecules CD11a and CD49d, the Fas molecule CD95, and MHC class II-DR.

In the present study, we show that culture fluids from both PAI-stimulated peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC) and CD8+ T-cells of HIV-1 infected patients were able to suppress HIV-1 replication in an MHC-unrestricted fashion.

HIV-1 downregulates human leukocyte antigen A (HLA-A) and HLA-B from the surface of infected cells primarily to evade CD8 T cell recognition.

Interestingly, MHC-II mRNA was up-regulated and CCR7 was down-modulated in IgM(+) cells from infected gills, whereas perforin, CCR7 and CXCR4 mRNA levels were higher in sorted CD8(+) cells from infected animals.

HLA-A2, chronically infected HDV patients were also enrolled, to assess the existence of HDV-specific CD8+ T cells, based on findings in animals.

We here study HLA-A,68:02, one of the most highly prevalent HLA-A alleles in C-clade infected sub-Saharan African populations, and one that plays a prominent role in the HIV-specific CD8 T-cell responses made against the virus.

Peripheral blood mononuclear cells were stained with HLA-A2-K1 tetramer, showing that 15 of 19 infected patients have K1-specific CD8(+) T cells (0.09-0.34 % frequency) without differences in disease stages or severity.

HIV-1 downregulates HLA-A,-B, and-C molecules in infected cells, thus influencing recognition by HLA class I-restricted CD8+ T cells but not by HLA-E-restricted CD8+ T cells, owing to the inability of the virus to downmodulate their expression.

Despite significantly reduced MHC class I signals on infected cells, sites of infection were infiltrated by inflammatory cells that consisted predominantly of CD8+ lymphocytes.

MHC class II, CD86 CIITA, and PIV expressions were lower in macrophages infected with MEL+ than in macrophages infected with MEL- conidia, while CD80 expression was similar.

Since the viral accessory protein Nef has been shown to downregulate MHC-I molecules and enhance cytotoxic T lymphocyte (CTL) evasion in human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1)-infected CD4(+) T cells, we examined whether Nef played a role in protecting SIV-infected macrophages from killing by SIV-specific CD8(+) T cells.

Since the viral Nef protein downregulates MHC-I and provides infected cells some degree of protection from CD8(+) T cell-mediated effector functions, we evaluated whether Nef may be contributing to the resistance of macrophages to CD8(+) T cell suppression.

Disrupting the MuHV-4 K3, which degrades MHC class I heavy chains, increased viral epitope presentation by infected lung alveolar macrophages and allowed CD8+ T cells to prevent disease.

The direct major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class I antigen presentation pathway ensures intracellular peptides are displayed at the cellular surface for recognition of infected or transformed cells by CD8(+) cytotoxic T lymphocytes.

As the immunoproteasome promotes the generation of major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class I-compatible peptides, a feature which favors the recognition and the elimination of infected cells by CD8 T cells, we suggest that M, by interfering with the immunoproteasome assembly, has evolved a mechanism that allows infected cells to escape detection and elimination by the immune system.

The immunoproteasome promotes the generation of MHC class I-compatible peptides, a feature which favors the recognition and the elimination of infected cells by CD8 T cells.

Adaptation of the endoplasmic reticulum (ER) pathway for MHC class I (MHC-I) presentation in dendritic cells enables cross-presentation of peptides derived from phagocytosed microbes infected cells, or tumor cells to CD8 T cells.

These results provide the clearest example of MHC heterozygote advantage among individuals infected with the same immunodeficiency virus strain, suggesting that broad recognition of multiple CD8-TL epitopes should be a key feature of HIV vaccines.

Human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) Nef downregulates major histocompatibility complex class I (MHC-I), impairing the clearance of infected cells by CD8(+) cytotoxic T lymphocytes (CTLs).

The majority of peptide-specific CD8 T cells from HIV patients and controls were CD28-, CD45RO+ and CD45RA-.

Collectively, these results indicate the importance of CD8αα⁺ γδ T cells in the control of R5-tropic HIV-1 replication and persistence in CD4⁺ NKT cells.

Such a reduction was not observed in Cd8a-/- mice, indicating that E8I-core controls the generation of CD4 CTLs independently of its role in Cd8a gene regulation.

This was one of several early studies showing that CD8 T cell control of persistent viral infections was lost in the absence of CD4 T cell help, preceding the concept of CD8 T cell exhaustion.

While the role of CD8+ T cells in the control of herpes simplex virus 1 (HSV-1) infection and disease is gaining wider acceptance, a direct involvement of effector CD4+ T cells in this protection and the phenotype and function of HSV-specific human CD4+ T cell epitopes remain to be fully elucidated.

While many studies have been geared to understanding how CD8(+) T cells control viral replication in CD4(+) T cells, the role of these cells in controlling viral replication in macrophages is less clear.

We performed a comprehensive analysis of the class I restricted CD8+ T-cell responses against human immunodeficiency virus (HIV-1), immune control of which is dependent upon virus-specific CD8+ T-cell activity.

Identification and characterization of CD8(+) T cells effectively controlling HIV-1 variants are necessary for the development of AIDS vaccines and for studies of AIDS pathogenesis, although such CD8(+) T cells have been only partially identified.

Recipients that received Irf4-deficient CD8+ T cells permanently accepted the skin allografts, whereas recipients that received control CD8+ T cells acutely rejected the transplanted skins.

Together, the data support a model of memory CD8(+) T cell generation in which the chemokine-directed localization of T cells within infected tissues regulates antigen encounter and controls the extent of CD8(+) T cell activation and differentiation, which ultimately regulates effector versus memory cell fate decisions.

It is likely that early during the course of HIV infection when viral loads are generally low an efficient CD8 cell response can control HIV replication whereas in subjects with evolving disease, who have very high viral loads, CD8 lymphocytes remove essential components of the immune response and mediate tissue injury.

CD8 T-cells contribute to control of Mycobacterium tuberculosis infection, but little is known about the quality of the CD8 T-cell response in subjects with latent infection and in patients with active tuberculosis disease.

To study the role of CD8 T cells in the control of varicella-zoster virus (VZV) reactivation, we developed multimeric major histocompatibility complexes to identify VZV-specific CD8 T cells.

CD8 T cells are central to the control of hepatitis C virus (HCV) although the key features of a successful CD8 T cell response remain to be defined.

CD8+ T cells play a crucial role to control the viral replication but impaired CD8+ T cells represent a major hallmark of HIV-1 infection.

These observations indicate that CD8+ T-cells restricted by HLA-C play an important role in the control of persistent CMV infection and could represent a novel opportunity for CD8+ T-cell therapy of viral infection within immunosuppressed patients.

It has been reported that the immune response mediated by T CD8+ lymphocytes plays a critical role in the control of Trypanosoma cruzi infection and that the clinical symptoms of Chagas disease appear to be related to the competence of the CD8+ T immune response against the parasite.

We also assessed the relative importance of CD8 T cells in controlling infection by carrying out CD8 T cell depletion in an additional two animals of each species.

Because depletion of CD8+ cells in the controllers by administration of anti-CD8α Ab abrogated the control of viral replication, CD8+ cells were required for the protective immune response.

Cd8a and Cd8b1 coreceptor gene (Cd8) expression is tightly controlled during T-cell development by the activity of five Cd8 enhancers (E8(I)-E8(V)).

Despite the identification of a transcriptional enhancer in the Cd8a gene that directs reporter transgene expression specifically in CD8SP thymocytes, the molecular mechanisms controlling reactivation of the Cd8a gene are not fully understood.

Disruption of viral CD8+ T cell evasion made this defense redundant, suggesting that it is important mainly to control CD8-evasive pathogens.

We address this important issue by characterizing the CD8 TCR repertoire to a common persistent human viral infection (EBV), which is controlled by appropriate CD8 T cell responses.

Although CD8+ T cells that recognize blood stage antigens have been reported to control blood infection, CD8+ T cell responses induced by P.

To address this question, we transiently depleted CD8(+) T cells from five SIV-infected cynomolgus macaques with long-term viral control and weak CD8(+) T-cell responses.

Although CD8+T cell exhaustion hampers viral control during chronic HBV infection, the pool of CD8+T cells is phenotypically and functionally heterogeneous.

Mice deficient in CASP8 and RIPK3 (Casp8 -/- Ripk3 -/-) mount enhanced peak CD8 T cell levels against the natural mouse pathogen murine cytomegalovirus (MCMV) or the human pathogen herpes simplex virus-1 compared with littermate control RIPK3-deficient or WT C57BL/6 mice, suggesting an impact of CASP8 on the magnitude of antiviral CD8 T cell expansion and not on contraction.

All treatments significantly increased CD3 + and CD8 + T cell infiltration into tumor tissue compared to control mice, and combination therapy resulted in significantly greater CD3 + and CD8 + T cell infiltration than monotherapy.

EGFR-expressing CD8 T cells from OT-1 mice were more efficient killing B16-OVA cells than control OT-1 CD8 T cells.

We also provide evidence that H2-Q10 is a new high affinity ligand for CD8αα and controls the development of liver-resident CD8αα γδT cells.

ERAP1 silencing or inhibition in APCs downregulated HLA-B27 FHC surface expression, reduced IL-2 production by KIR3DL2CD3ε-reporter cells and suppressed the Th17 expansion and IL-17A secretion by AS CD4+ T cells.

Whereas conventional regulatory T cells are unable to suppress pathogenesis, IMP CD4(+) T cells, which include conventional regulatory T cells, can suppress pathogenesis in MHCII(-/-) →wild-type chimeras.

BCG avoids lysosomal fusion in macrophages decreasing peptides required for activating CD4 T cells and Th1 immunity while suppressing the expression of MHC-II by antigen presenting cells (APCs).

We then discovered that vaccinated Chinese macaques developed a previously unrecognized class of non-cytolytic MHC-Ib/E-restricted CD8+ T cells (or CD8+ T-Regs) that suppressed the activation of SIV RNA-infected CD4+ T cells and thereby inhibited the (activation-dependent) reverse transcription of the virus and prevented the establishment of SIV infection.

They attributed the observed protection to induction of immune tolerance, mediated by " MHC-Ib/E-restricted CD8+ regulatory T cells that suppressed SIV-harboring CD4+ T cell activation and ex vivo SIV replication in 15/16 animals without inducing SIV-specific antibodies or cytotoxic T.

However, even when MHC I was totally mismatched, CD8+ cells still suppressed replication to a considerable extent in CD4+ PBMC.

The tolerogenic vaccine induced MHC-Ib/E-restricted CD8(+) regulatory T cells (Tregs) that suppressed SIV-harboring CD4(+) T cell activation and ex vivo SIV replication in 15 of 16 animals without inducing SIV-specific antibodies or cytotoxic T lymphocytes.

These data presented demonstrate that CD8+ T cells from ES are capable of suppressing replication of virus harboring escape mutations in HLA-B,57-restricted Gag epitopes.

CD8+ T-cells of asymptomatic HIV-1 carriers (AC) suppress human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) replication in a class I major histocompatibility complex (MHC-I)-restricted and-unrestricted manner.

CD8+ cells of asymptomatic HIV-1 carriers (AC) contain HIV-1-specific cytotoxic T lymphocytes (CTLs) but suppress HIV-1 replication in a class I major histocompatibility complex (MHC-I)-unrestricted manner.

In mixed leukocyte reaction, vIL-10-transduced C57BL/6 bm12 (MHC class II mismatch) DCs had a reduced capacity to stimulate C57BL/6 wild-type CD4+ T-cell proliferation.

Fibroblasts and CD40-activated B cells comparably stimulated HLA-A,0301-specific CD8 T cells after transient expression of HLA-A,0301 as a model alloantigen.

However, DCs that had taken up ACs of early phase acquired a non-fully mature DC phenotype, expressing low MHC class II complex, costimulatory molecule CD40, and mature DC-restricted marker CD83, and had a low capacity to stimulate allogeneic CD4+ T cell proliferation, whereas DCs that had taken up ACs of late phase acquired a mature DC phenotype with enhanced T cell stimulatory capacity.

CD11c+CD64- ATDCs expressed MHC class II and costimulatory receptors, and had similar capacity to stimulate CD4+ T cell proliferation as ATMs.

However, the precise mechanisms of hTERT\s uptake, processing, and presentation on MHC-II molecules to stimulate CD4 T cells are poorly understood.

Autophagy (macroautophagy) is a key player in providing substantial sources of citrullinated peptides for loading onto MHC-II molecules to stimulate CD4(+) T cell responses.

Cellular proliferation assay was performed to evaluate the ability of these epitopes to bind to murine MHC II molecules and stimulate CD4+ T cells showing that the same epitopes were able to significantly stimulate cell proliferation.

This study demonstrates that large adipocytes highly express MHCII and function as APC to stimulate IFN-γ-expressing CD4(+) T cells, in which FFA may have important roles before IFN-γ elevated.

Therefore, the identification of MHC class II-restricted tumor antigens capable of stimulating CD4(+) T cells may provide opportunities for developing effective cancer vaccines.

Using peptide/MHC recombinant protein constructs, we are able to robustly stimulate CD4 T cell clones previously derived from intestinal biopsies of CD patients.

Major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class II molecules exhibit conformational heterogeneity, which influences their ability to stimulate CD4 T cells and drive immune responses.

The B:9-23 peptide can bind to the NOD MHC class II molecule (I-Ag7) in multiple registers, but only one, (register 3, R3), creates complexes able to stimulate the majority of pathogenic B:9-23-specific CD4+ T cells.

Human NK cells may express MHC II and costimulatory molecules, including CD86, CD80, and OX40 ligand, which allows them to stimulate the CD4+ T-cell response.

DDS-specific CD4+ T-cell clones were stimulated to proliferate in response to drug via a MHC class II restricted direct binding interaction.

These defects in the expression of MHC class II and costimulatory molecules corresponded with a reduced capacity for trophic form-loaded dendritic cells to stimulate CD4+ T cell proliferation and polarization.

Antigen derived peptides bound on MHC class II molecules on presenting cells stimulate specific CD4 lymphocytes that are in a naive state if antigen is given for the first time, or in a memory state if antigen has been previously encountered.

We observed diminished killing of CD4 target cells only when HLA-B alleles were matched.

We find that immature DCs almost exclusively use newly synthesized MHC-II targeted to DM+ late endosomes for presentation to influenza virus-specific CD4 T cells.

Recently, we showed that EBV miRNAs inhibit CD4+ T-cell responses to infected B cells by targeting IL-12, MHC class II, and lysosomal proteases.

These data identify an association between HIV-specific CD4+ T cell targeting of immunodominant Gag epitopes and immune control, particularly the contribution of a single class II MHC-peptide complex to the immune response against HIV-1 infection.

Our results demonstrate an association between the frequency of HIV-specific CD4+ T cell responses targeting an immunodominant DRB1,11-Gag41 complex and HIV control, highlighting the important contribution of a single class II MHC-peptide complex to the immune response against HIV-1 infections.

Inclusion of virus-associated MHC class II \ helper\ antigens in MDC1-based HIV-1 immunotherapies could serve both as a targeted means to safely unmask antigen-specific CD4+ T cells harboring HIV-1, and to support CTL responses that can effectively target the MDC1-exposed HIV-1 cellular reservoir as a functional cure strategy.

Correlation of lysis of autologous CD4+ target cells by cytotoxic lymphocytes from HIV-seropositive patients to target activation, viral replication, and major histocompatibility complex (MHC) restriction.

First, in targeting, it exploits the natural affinity of CD4 for gp120 to target the BsIAb to HIV-infected cells, and second, it recruits and activates, through its anti-CD3 moiety, cytotoxic T lymphocytes (CTL) to lyse target cells in a non-MHC restricted manner.

The development of cytotoxic CD4+ T lymphocytes that can kill target cells in a MHC class II-restricted manner was evaluated by comparing different APCs.

Upon activation, CD4+ T cells, the primary target of HIV infection, express the class II transcriptional activator (CIITA) and therefore the MHC class II isotype, HLA-DR.

Both resting and IFN-gamma-pretreated EC stimulate similar CD8 T cell proliferative responses (peak, day 5 to 6), whereas only IFN-gamma-pretreated EC stimulate CD4 T cells.

Production of IFNγ and TNFα by restimulated CD4+ cells but not CD8+ confirmed the specific ability of filariae to stimulate CD4+ T cells.

When CD4+ T-cells were cultured with allo-antigen stimulated CD8+ T-cells, the reduction of NF-κB and Ets-1 DNA-binding activity was observed.

Although NF-κB p65 and Ets-1 are known to be regulated by protein kinase A (PKA), no difference was observed in the expression and phosphorylation of the PKA catalytic subunit in CD4+ T-cells cultured with PHA-treated CD8+ T-cells or allo-antigen stimulated CD8+ T-cells.

The nuclear transport of phosphorylated NF-κB p65 (Ser276) was inhibited only in CD4+ T-cells cultured with allo-antigen stimulated CD8+ T-cells.

Murine DC infected with the various lentivectors could stimulate OT-I (CD8(+), OVA TCR transgenic) T cells and all except OVAcyt could also stimulate OT-II (CD4(+), OVA TCR transgenic) T cells in vitro.

However, CD3-stimulated CD8(+) T cells produced soluble factors that inhibited SIV replication in an MHC-unrestricted fashion as much as 30-fold.

The E3/19K protein has a dual role, preventing cell surface transport of MHC class I/HLA class I (MHC-I/HLA-I) Ags and the MHC-I-like molecules (MHC-I chain-related chain A and B [ MICA/B]), thereby inhibiting both recognition by CD8 T cells and NK cells.

Cultures of IFN-α-stimulated dendritic cells with skin NKG2D+ CD8+ T cells potentiated the production of type 1 cytokines, which was next inhibited by blocking the NKG2D/MICA-MICB interaction.

Vaccine-induced CD8+ T cell responses, which were predominantly directed against the Mamu-A,01-restricted Gag181-189CM9 epitope, could be inhibited by blockade of MHC-I presentation.

The ability of a specific MHC/peptide mAb to inhibit and divert the CD8(+) T cell response holds implications for vaccine design and approaches to modulate the immune response in autoimmunity.

The MICA-induced T cell response was specifically inhibited by anti-HLA class I antibody or by CD8+ cell depletion.

However, HLA-blocking antibodies significantly inhibited the production of CFSE-low memory-CD8 T cells, indicating that HLAs are the main antigens responsible for the development of allogeneic ADSCs\ immunogenicity.

Persistence implies immune evasion, and CMVs evade CD8+ T cells by inhibiting MHC class I-restricted antigen presentation.

Bortezomib did not affect lymphocyte or tissue-resident CD11c(+) CD8(+) dendritic cell counts in tumor-bearing mice, did not inhibit dendritic cell expression of costimulatory molecules, and did not decrease MHC class I/II-associated antigen presentation to cognate T cells.

Depletion of CD4+ but not CD8+ T cells abrogated the IFN-γ ELISPOT response supporting the involvement of CD4+ T cells in the immune response to vaccination.

Conventional DCs (cDCs) from schistosome-infected mice upregulated expression of the costimulatory molecule CD40 and were capable of priming naive CD4(+) T cells, whereas plasmacytoid DCs (pDCs) upregulated expression of MHC class II, CD86 and CD40 but were unable to support the expansion of either naive or effector/memory CD4(+) T cells.

DC from mice receiving either myelin oligodendrocyte glycoprotein-specific CD8+ (MOG-CD8+) or proteolipid protein-specific CD8+ (PLP-CD8+) T cells were rendered inefficient in priming T cell responses from naïve CD4+ T cells (OT-II) or supporting recall responses from CNS-specific CD4+ T cells.

In addition to inflammatory cytokine production, CD4+ T cells also supported the activation and proliferation of CD8+ T cells.

Major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class II molecules present exogenously derived antigen peptides to CD4 T cells, driving activation of naïve T cells and supporting CD4-driven immune functions.

Using a Stat3 loss-of-function approach in two wnt/β-catenin-dependent autochthonous models of sporadic intestinal tumorigenesis, we unravel a complex intracellular process in intestinal epithelial cells (IECs) that controls the induction of a CD8+ T\240\cell based adaptive immune response.

CD4(+) lymphocytes were increased in MHC-I-incompatible pregnancies compared to MHC-I-compatible and control pregnancies.

Adoptive transfer-mediated parking of naïve CD4 cells in vivo lowered CD4 levels increased CD5 and reactive oxygen species (ROS) levels and induced hyporesponsiveness in them, dependent, at least in part, on availability of major histocompatibility complex class II (MHCII) molecules.

We describe 2 different mechanisms by which HLA-B27 may contribute to inflammatory disease: increased apoptotic death of B27-transgenic DCs that normally function to maintain immunologic tolerance and enhanced IL-17 production from CD4+ T cells stimulated by the surviving B27-transgenic DCs.

HLA-B,57/5801-negative subjects infected with 242 N escape variant did not show reduced viral load or increased CD4 count.

Increased expression of MICA in intestinal epithelial cells and increased expression of NKG2D in CD4(+) T cells (lamina propria) in patients with CD have also been reported.

Conjugating the lymphocytic choriomeningitis virus immunodominant epitope GP61-80 to either LAMP1 to facilitate lysosomal targeting or to the MHC-II invariant chain (Ii) significantly increased the activation of Ag-specific CD4+ T cells in vivo.

Meanwhile, MHC-II expression and antigen presentation activity of BMDMs were also enhanced by rRv1768 stimulation, leading to significantly increased IFN-γ expression of CD4+ T cells isolated from H37Rv-infected mice.

Our results indicate for the first time that C3 deficiency can prolong MHC-II molecule mismatched skin allograft survival, which is further confirmed to be associated with increased CD4(+) CD25(+) Treg cell population expansion and attenuated Th1/Th17 response.

An in vitro model of antigen presentation showed that ligands for TLR-9, 7, 4 and 1/2 increased the ability of APCs to present antigen-85B of BCG to CD4 T cells, which correlated with an increase in MHC-II expression.

Experiments demonstrated that PPARγ activation in BMDCs induced an immunosuppressive phenotype in which BMDCs had reduced expression of MHC class II and costimulatory molecules increased IL-10 secretion, and reduced the ability to induce CD4 T cell proliferation.

To overcome this obstacle, we genetically engineered T cell hybridomas to express additional CD3 molecules as well as CD4 with two amino acid substitutions that increase affinity to MHC class II molecules.

Of importance, the manipulation with CD3 and mutated human CD4 expression was effective in increasing responsiveness of T cell hybridomas to a wide variety of TCR, peptide, and MHC combinations across class II genetic loci (i.

Interestingly, blocking the LAG-3-MHC class II interaction actually increased the IL-10 expression by LAG-3+ CD4+ T cells.

Furthermore, Rv2029c treatment enhanced the ability of Mycobacterium bovis Bacillus Calmette-Guérin (BCG)-infected macrophages to present antigens to CD4+ T cells in vitro, which correlated with an increase in MHC-II expression.

Stimulation of 48-h cultured DC with LPS, CD40L, or poly(I:C) caused little increase in MHC or costimulatory molecule expression in the CD11b(-/low) DC but caused up-regulated expression in the CD11b(+) cells.

Removal of CD4+ cells reduced non-MHC-restricted cytolysis, allowing an MHC class I-restricted cytolytic component to be demonstrated.

However, MHC-II blocking anti-I-A/I-E antibody treatment was not able to reduce infarct size indicating that autoantigen recognition is not required for the activation of CD4+ T-cells during reperfusion.

In addition, GDNFv resulted in lower predicted clinical immunogenicity compared to GDNFwt, as demonstrated by reduced CD4+ T cell proliferation and reduced IL-2-induced secretion in peripheral blood mononucleated cells collected from volunteers representing the world\s major histocompatibility complex (MHC) haplotypes.

The capacity of macrophages and DCs lacking Myo1e to stimulate antigen-specific CD4(+) T-cell proliferation was impaired, consistent with the reduced MHC-II surface protein levels.

USP18 expression in B16 melanoma tumor cells regulated IFN-γ-mediated immunoediting, including upregulating MHC class-I expression reducing tumor cell-mediated inhibition of T cell proliferation and activation, and suppressing PD-1 expression in CD4+ and CD8+ T cells in tumor-bearing mice.

In this report, coreceptor functions of mutant human CD4 molecules, which have no or reduced affinity to an HIV envelope protein, gp120, were assessed in a murine T cell receptor/class II MHC recognition system.

ERAP1 silencing or inhibition in APCs downregulated HLA-B27 FHC surface expression reduced IL-2 production by KIR3DL2CD3ε-reporter cells and suppressed the Th17 expansion and IL-17A secretion by AS CD4+ T cells.

In an HLA-B27 transgenic rat model repetitive dosing of HD5 reduced the expansion of pro-inflammatory CD4+ T-cells, and decreased the levels of soluble TNF and number of cell-surface B272 molecules.

These changes in TEC differentiation and MHC expression led to a significant reduction in thymocyte numbers reduced positive selection of CD4+CD8+ cells to the CD4 lineage, and increased CD8 cell differentiation.

To analyze the mechanisms by which Tregs are recruited to the tumor site, we used MHC-II KO mice with drastically reduced numbers of CD4+ effector T-cells.

Blocking MHC II on CD19+ cells significantly reduced the cytolytic capacity of CD4+ T cells.

We developed a novel universal MHC class II presentation assay based on a bio-orthogonal " clickable" antigen and showed that MHC class II presentation was disrupted by the inhibition of PIKfyve, which in turn resulted in reduced activation of CD4+ T\240\cells.

However, in intact PVs, parasite secreted effector proteins that associate with the PV membrane or the intravacuolar network membranes play important roles to actively suppress antigen presentation by MHC-I to reduce CD8+ T cell recognition and clearance of Toxoplasma gondii infected host cells.

UCH-L1-deficient mice have significantly reduced ability to cross-prime CD8 T cells in vivo and in vitro because of a reduced ability of DCs to generate MHC class I (MHC I) peptide complexes for cross-presented Ags.

We observed that inhibition of signaling through the mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR) pathway during the first 10 days of treatment severely impaired the curative effect of radioimmunotherapy, at least in part by reducing MHC class I expression on tumor cells reducing dendritic cell (DC) activation status and CD8+ T-cell function.

Strikingly, the expansion and cytolytic differentiation of HBV-specific CD8+ T cells were reduced even more severely in the mice whose MHC class I expression was restricted to hematopoietic cells.

Regression was dependent on CD8 T cells, and recurrent tumors were resistant to CTL, had substantially reduced expression of epitope mRNA, but retained the gp160 gene, MHC, and processing apparatus.

Furthermore, the proportion of conjugates formed between DCs and T cells, as well as the difference between nontransgenic and HLA-B27-transgenic DCs, were in large part reduced by blocking CD86 on DCs.

One major mechanism through which solid tumors can avoid anti-tumor immunity is the downregulation of major histocompatibility complex class I (MHC-I), which causes reduced recognition by- and cytotoxicity of CD8+ T-cells.

Accordingly, the anti-tumour effects of autophagy inhibition are reversed by depleting CD8+ T cells or reducing surface expression of MHC-I.

Our results show that a restricted peptide repertoire on MHC class I molecules leads to reduced negative selection of CD8SP cells.

Inhibition of MMP-13 lowered the capability of murine DCs to activate CD8+ T cells, apparently through reducing MHC-I surface presentation.

In contrast to our previous findings in cases of GF following T-cell-depleted HLA nonidentical family member BMT in which host T cells were CD8+ and cytotoxicity was directed against HLA class I antigens, our present study indicates host T cells emerging at the time of GF following BMT from an HLA class I IEF-identical unrelated donor can be of the CD4+ subset and seem to be capable of recognizing antigenic disparities in the HLA class II region.

Immunization of HLA-A,0201 transgenic mice with OML/Tax induced an HTLV-1-specific gamma-interferon reaction, whereas immunization with epitope peptide alone induced no reaction.

The immunization of HLA-A,0201-transgenic mice with the chimeric particle induced antigen-specific gamma-interferon reaction, whereas immunization with epitope peptide only induced no reaction as assessed by enzyme-linked immunospot assay.

HLA-B-specific protein in/on the trophoblast cells was undetectable by cell enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay and the protein was not induced by exposing the trophoblastic cells to interferon-gamma (IFN-gamma).

Immunization of HLA-A(,) 201-transgenic mice with RT minigenes induced RT-specific cellular responses detected by interferon-gamma secretion.

To maximize antigen presentation in target cells, both MHC class I and TAP protein expression was induced in RM-1 cells by transduction with an Ad vector expressing interferon-gamma (Ad5-IFNγ).

In contrast, the interferon-stimulated response element (ISRE), known to induce MHC class I expression in response to IFNs, as well as a region comprising site alpha/enhancer B significantly stimulate constitutive transcription of HLA class I genes.

Expression analysis of HLA antigens revealed a very low level of, in particular, the HLA-B locus products, which could be induced by interferon-alpha or-gamma treatment.

Expression of major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class II genes is induced by interferon-gamma (IFN-gamma) in antigen-presenting cells.

Major histocompatibility complex class II (MHC class II), an important component in antigen presenting process, usually expresses on professional antigen presenting cells (APCs), and it can be induced by interferon-γ (IFN-γ).

Interferon (IFN)-gamma induces major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class II and intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1) expression on human corneal epithelial (HCE) cells.

However, it has been reported that interferon-gamma signaling may induce MHC-II in almost all cell types, including those derived from cancer.

Augmentation of epitope presentation by MHC I is thought to be effected by the immunoproteasome induced in response to IFN-gamma (interferon-gamma) in some cells, and constitutively expressed in others.

A,74:01 (P = 0.04/P = 0.006), B,14 (P = 0.003/P = 0.003) and B,57:03 (P = 0.012/P = 0.038) are independently associated with slower CD4+ decline and LTNP phenotype, while B,07:02 (P = 0.02), B,15:10 (P = 0.022) and B,53:01 (P = 0.007) are independently associated with rapid CD4+ T-cell decline.

Secretion of both TNF-alpha and IFN-gamma by CD154(+) CD4(+) T cells on BKV-specific stimulation was associated with higher levels of granzyme B and a higher proportion of degranulating cells compared with CD154(+) CD4(+) T cells producing only IFN-gamma or neither cytokine.

Good control of viral load and higher CD4(+) counts were significantly associated with at least one detectable T cell response to unmutated epitopes, whereas lower CD4(+) counts and higher viral loads were observed in patients who had developed escape mutations in all three epitopes or who lacked T cell responses specific to these epitope(s).

During primary infection with HCMV in adults, CD4+ T cells are important for the resolution of symptomatic disease, while persistent shedding of HCMV into urine and saliva is associated with a lack of HCMV specific CD4+ T cell response in young children.

The univariate association between BMI and CD4 count was assessed and multiple regression models were used to predict factors associated with loss of renal function and change in CD4 count at 6 \240\months.

CD4+ count was not associated with PNS, although there was a non-significant trend towards higher prevalence in those with lower CD4+ counts.

Therefore, the distribution of Th1-type CD4+ T cells into the ST from the blood in RA may be associated with the local expression of chemokines, both CXCR3 and CCR5 ligands, and IL-15 may play a role in enhancing these chemokine receptors on CD4+ T cell infiltrates.

As a result, CD4+CD29high helper inducer T cells were closely associated with IFN-gamma and TNF-alpha producing CD4+ cells, while CD4+CXCR3+ cells showed a negative correlation with IL-4-producing cells, suggesting that both of these CD4+ subsets consist mainly of Th1 cells.

The additional presence of revertant CD4+ T-cells was associated with a milder clinical and immunological phenotype in the second patient, although the role somatic chimerism plays in amelioration of disease phenotype is uncertain, as presence of revertant cells had no effect on residual CD4 cell JAK3 signaling function.

This infection occurred in a CD4/CCR5/CXCR4-independent manner and was associated with the upregulated expression of CD23 and CD40 cell surface markers.

The CD4+ T cell effector compartment (referred to as " Teff" in this article) has been extensively analyzed, particularly because the HLA genes most strongly associated with T1D are MHC class II alleles that form restriction elements for CD4+ T cell recognition.

In early infection, a trend of higher CD4 down-regulation ability correlating with higher viral load set point was observed (r = 0.19, p = 0.05), and higher HLA-I down-regulation activity was significantly associated with faster rate of CD4 decline (p = 0.02).

Among dogs with multicentric T cell lymphoma, immunotypes of CD4+/CD8-/MHCII+, CD4-/CD8+/MHCII+ and CD4-/CD8+/MHCII- were associated with longer survival times than the immunotype of CD4+/CD8-/MHCII-, and immunotypes of CD4+/CD8-/MHCII+, CD4-/CD8+/MHCII-, and CD4-/CD8-/MHCII+ were associated with longer progression free intervals.

In a subset of compartmentalized cases (n = 2, 17 %), the CNS virus was able to infect cells with low CD4 surface expression, a hallmark of macrophage-tropic viruses, and intermediate compartmentalization early was associated with an intermediate CD4 entry phenotype.

The protocols outlined in this chapter describe the use of the Affinofile system, a 293-based dual-inducible cell line that expresses up to 25 distinct combinations of CD4 and CCR5, as well as the associated Viral Entry Receptor Sensitivity Assay (VERSA) metrics used to summarize the CD4/CCR5-dependent infectivity results.

As a theoretical resistance pathway to BMS-663068 could be the development of a CD4-independent phenotype, we examined the activity of BMS-626529 against CD4-independent viruses and investigated whether resistance to BMS-626529 could be associated with a CD4-independent phenotype.

In addition to low baseline CD4 and old age, CRF01_AE and its cluster 4 independently associated with lower CD4 cell recovery (P≤0.

We also found that the lower baseline IFN-γ mRNA level and the larger decreased rate of IFN-γ mRNA in CD4+ T cells were associated with a good response to MVC regarding CD4+ T-cell recovery.

We studied whether CD4 is associated with CXCR4 on CD4+ CXCR4+ cells.

Whereas CD45RA(+) Tregs were preferentially located in the bone marrow associated with increased CXCR4 expression, CD45RO(+) Tregs were preferentially located in the skin, and this was associated with their increased expression of CLA and CCR4.

Low CD4 nadir was associated with widespread cortical thinning, especially in the frontal and temporal regions, and global mean cortical thickness correlated with CD4 nadir.

An additional hypothesis was that these CD4 count declines would be associated with higher mortality independent of baseline CD4 count, antiretroviral therapy use, and risk due to the underlying cancer.

Interestingly, a higher baseline level of activated PD-1 CD4 T cells was associated with poorer CD4 T-cell recovery after 12 months of ART.

Among HIV positive patients attending CTCs, poor nutritional status, low CD4 counts and not taking ART treatment were associated with higher TB incidence, highlighting the need to get PLHIV on treatment early, and the need for close monitoring of CD4 counts.

Despite similar baseline CD4 counts across locations, mortality risk associated with low CD4 count, low BMI, and PDR was greater in Maseno than Nairobi in stratified analyses.

A lower CD4 count is associated with more depressive symptomatology, most significantly in patients with a CD4 count of 50 or less.

In turn, development of ICC in HIV-1-positive women is independent of the host CD4 cells and associates with low CD4 percentage regardless of absolute CD4 count that falls within the normal range.

Only baseline CD4+ T cell was associated with a change in CD4+ T cell count.

The crystal structure of a complex containing the human CD4 N-terminal two-domain fragment and the murine I-A(k) class II MHC molecule with associated peptide (pMHCII) shows that only the " top corner" of the CD4 molecule directly contacts pMHCII.

To further elucidate CD4-dependent differential regulation of naive and memory T cell adhesion to B cells, we investigated the expression and function of CD4 and p56lck, a tyrosine kinase associated with the cytoplasmic domain of CD4.

SCT engineered to enhance interaction with the CD8 coreceptor have a higher affinity for the TCR/CD8 complex, and are associated with more robust CD8(+) T cell responses following vaccination.

Here, we found that the frequency of KIR3DL1-expressing CD8 T cells of individuals homozygous for Bw6 [ 1.53 % (0-4.56 %) ] was associated with a higher VL set point (Spearman rs = 0.59, P = 0.019), but this frequency of KIR3DL1+CD8+ T cells [ 1.37 % (0.04-6.14 %) ] was inversely correlated with CD4 T-cell count in individuals homozygous for Bw4 (rs =-0.59, P = 0.011).

As CD8α(+) DCs play a role in tolerance induction in steady-state conditions, we hypothesized that the autoimmune phenotype might associate with deficiencies in CD8α(+) DCs in the prediabetic NOD mouse pancreas.

Fourteen optimal HIV-1 T-cell epitopes were targeted by CD8(+) T cells, four of which underwent mutation associated with dramatic loss of the original CD8(+) response.

Virus-specific CD8(+) T cells are thought to play an important role in resolving acute hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection as viral clearance has been associated with a strong and sustained CD8(+) T cell response.

These unpublished data indicate that sHLA-I/CD8 ligation elicits the phosphorylation of p56lck protein thyrosin kinase (PTK) associated with CD8 cytoplasmic domain in the absence of any other TCR-derived signal, the activation of syk-like ZAP-70 PTK and protein kinase C, and extracellular calcium influx.

As CD8+ T cells are associated with rapid recovery from influenza, we investigated the effects of aging on antigen-specific CD8+ T cells across the universal influenza epitopes in humans.

Thus, the expression of particular HLA class I alleles is a defining characteristic influencing the magnitude and breadth of CD8 responses, and a distinct, highly differentiated phenotype is specifically associated with dominant CD8(+) T cells.

The analysis of NSCLC patients treated with anti-PD-1 immunotherapy demonstrated that low PMN-MDSCs, M-MDSCs, and CD39+ CD8+ T cells as an individual and all together were associated with longer progression free survival and overall survival, suggesting PMN-MDSCs, M-MDSCs, and CD39+ CD8+ T cells frequencies in peripheral blood might be useful as potential predictive and prognostic biomarkers.

Density of tumor CD8+ FOXP3+ T cells was significant by univariate analysis, and positively associated with tumor CD8+ T cells and FOXP3+ T cells.

Increased numbers of CD8+ cytotoxic T cells are associated with a favorable prognosis and programmed cell death receptor-1 is a suppressor of the CD8+ cytotoxic T cell response.

We observed that CD11c+ APCs are critical for early priming of CD8 T cells against the immunodominant TMEV peptide VP2121-130 Loss of H-2Db on CD11c+ APCs mitigates the CD8 T cell response, preventing early viral clearance and immunopathology associated with CD8 T cell activity in the CNS.

Although the activity of lung residing CD8+ T cells associated with tumor bearing lung tissue were unresponsive towards but the activity of systemic CD8+ cells was increased.

Bmets CD8 expression was associated with primary tumor CD8 expression and primary tumor type.

PD-L1 and CD8 Bmets expressions are associated with the primary tumor type and its PD-L1 and CD8 expressions.

Here we show that the heritable downregulation of CD8 during type 2 polarization of murine CD8(+) effector T cells in vitro and in vivo is associated with CpG methylation of several regions of the Cd8a locus.

The CD8A mRNA level was negatively associated with the CpG methylation level of CD8A and global methylation status.

We concluded that the mRNA level of the CD8A was negatively associated with the CpG methylation level of CD8A and global methylation status in the duck, suggesting that the hypermethylation of CD8A may be associated with DHV-1 infection.

Immunohistochemical examinations (275 patients) showed that pre-CRT CD8+ TIL density was associated with better response to CRT and improved recurrence-free survival, whereas pre-CRT stromal CD8+ cell density was not associated with either response to CRT or recurrence-free survival.

In conclusion, this study provides evidence that persistently replicating viral populations are probably required to maintain high frequencies of HIV-1 epitope-specific CD8+ T cells in asymptomatic chronically infected individuals Human T cell lymphotropic virus-I (HTLV-I)-associated myelopathy is a slowly progressive neurologic disease characterized by inflammatory infiltrates in the central nervous system accompanied by clonal expansion of HTLV-I-reactive CD8+ T-cells.

CD8+ T cell responses against tumors are characterized by the presence of low affinity CD8+ T cells specific for nonmutated tumor associated self-antigens (TAA) and potentially high affinity tumor specific CD8+ T cells recognizing mutated self-antigens (Gros et al.

Our data show that naive CD8 T cells show major differences in their signaling, transcriptional and functional landscapes associated with subtly altered CD8 levels, consistent with the possibility of peripheral cellular aging.

Intratumoral CD8 T cells were found to be associated with a favorable prognosis, and the number of infiltrating LAMP-3 DCs was correlated with the number of intratumoral CD8 T cells.

The proportion of virus-specific IFN-gamma/IL-2-secreting CD8 T cells correlated with that of proliferating CD8 T cells, and the loss of HIV-1-specific IL-2-secreting CD8 T cells was associated with that of HIV-1-specific CD8 T cell proliferation.

We further found that interferon-γ (IFNγ), which is produced predominantly by lupus CD8+ T cells, is the key factor that enhances IDO activity in allogeneic MSCs and that it is associated with IFNGR1/JAK-2/STAT signaling pathways.

The results showed that chicken CD8α1 is a key regulator of the expression of genes that are associated and cooperate with transcription factors in the major histocompatibility complex class I and II promoter regions and activates Janus kinase (JAK) 1/2, signal transducer and activator of transcription (STAT), and suppressor of cytokine signaling (SOCS) 1 signaling-related genes.

In chronic HCV infection, CD8+γ-H2AX+ T lymphocytes are highly differentiated with shortened telomeres, are more frequent within the liver, are associated with severe fibrosis and fail to activate Jak/Stat pathways in response to IFN-α, IL-2 or IL-6, perhaps explaining treatment failure in those with severe fibrosis.

Infection of STAT1 R274W mice was associated with paradoxically decreased expression of IFN-stimulated genes (ISGs) and gamma interferon (IFN-γ), likely secondary to defective CD4+ and CD8+ T cell responses, including diminished numbers of antigen-specific CD8+ T cells.

These data suggest that the alteration in STAT5 phosphorylation level might be associated with asthma and is a potential molecular basis of skewed CD8+CD25+ Treg differentiation.

Cytoplasmic STAT3 was inversely associated with the density of CD3+ (P = 0.012), CD8+ (P = 0.003), and FOXP3+ T lymphocytes (P = 0.002) within the cancer cell nests and was associated with an elevated systemic inflammatory response as measured by modified Glasgow Prognostic Score (mGPS2: 19 % vs.

Here we investigate the relationship between the genotypes of transmitted viruses and prognostic markers of disease progression and show that infection with HLA-B,57/B,5801 escape mutants is associated with lower viral load and higher CD4+ counts.

The CTLs specific for two Pol epitopes presented by HLA-B,5101, one of the HLA alleles associated with slow progression to AIDS, effectively killed HIV-1-infected CD4+ T cells and suppressed HIV-1 replication.

Furthermore, homozygosity for HLA-Bw4 alleles was also significantly associated with the ability to remain AIDS free and to maintain a normal CD4 T cell count in a second cohort of HIV-1-infected individuals with well defined dates of seroconversion.

Consistent with studies of other cohorts, expression of HLA-B,52:01 was associated with high absolute CD4 counts and therefore a lack of HIV disease progression.

Despite extensive research on the mechanisms of HLA-mediated immune control of HIV-1 pathogenesis, it is clear that much remains to be discovered, as exemplified by protective HLA alleles like HLA-B,81 which are associated with profound protection from CD4+ T cell decline without robust control of early plasma viremia.

2) and HLA-C single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs, rs9264942 C/C and rs67384697 del/del), that have been previously individually associated with spontaneous control of plasma viremia, maintenance of high CD4(+) T cell counts and delayed disease progression.

HLA-A02 : 1 and HLA-C04 : 1 were both associated with high viral loads (P = 0.0313 and 0.0001, respectively) and low CD4 cell counts (P = 0.0008 and 0.0087, respectively).

In a previous study, we found a differentially methylation region (DMR) at MHC HLA-DRB1 that was associated within relapsing-remitting MS (RRMS) patients in CD4+ T cells.

We considered the possibility that a structural homology between gp160 and major histocompatibility complex (MHC) molecules might be associated with the extraordinary affinity that gp120 has for its receptor, CD4.

The number of HLA-associated mutations was significantly associated with both CD4 T cell counts (r =-0.318, P = 0.002) and viral loads (r = 0.36, P = 0.003).

Lower baseline CD4 T-cell count was significantly associated with presence of HLA-A,24/,33, HLA-B,53, CCR5-CF2 and absence of HLA-A,01/,23 and CCR5-HHA.

Lower 6-month CD4 T-cell count was associated with presence of HLA-A,24 and HLA-B,53, and absence of HLA-A,01 and HLA-B,07/,39.

Moreover, lower 12-month CD4 T-cell count was significantly associated with presence of HLA-A,33, HLA-B,14, HLA-C,08, CCR5-CF2, and absence of HLA-B,07 and HLA-C,07.

Only one cell line, the autoreactive CD4+ T cell clone, UA-S2, which was derived from the synovial fluid, proliferated in a highly specific manner in response to a determinant associated with MHC class II products present on autologous mononuclear cells.

Of note, steady CD4 count associated with HLA-B,81 in HIV-1-infected Africans may depend on the country of origin, as observations differed slightly between subgroups enrolled in southern Africa (Zambia) and eastern Africa (Kenya, Rwanda, and Uganda).

CD4(+) T-cell clones proliferated vigorously with carbamazepine associated with MHC class II but exhibited little cytotoxic activity.

In conclusion, human hepatocytes induce a CD4+ T cell alloresponse in vitro, which is associated with MHC class II up-regulation on hepatocytes and is susceptible to suppression by Tregs.

Meanwhile, CD4(+)/CD25(+) regulatory T cells more significantly increase in NZB/W F1 mice receiving cystamine than in those mice receiving PBS, accompanied by significantly reduced IL-6/phosphorylated STAT-3 expression.

Ongoing caspase-3 activation functionally impacts on MS monocyte properties influencing the STAT-3/IL-16 axis, thus, driving increased expression and massive release of the bio-active IL-16 triggering and perpetuating CD4+ T cell migration.

Similar to Stat5b-/- mice, this patient exhibited increased CD4+ TEM cells in the peripheral blood.

Levels of STAT1 protein as measured by median fluorescence intensity (MFI) were significantly increased in SLE CD4 T cells when compared with rheumatoid arthritis patients and healthy controls and were positively correlated with disease activity.

In addition, vaccination with Stat3∆/∆ CD103+ cDC1s elicited increased amounts of tumor antigen-specific CD8+ T cells and IFN-γ+ CD4+ T cells in tumors and tumor-draining lymph nodes versus phosphate-buffered saline (PBS)-treated animals.

Al2O3 NPs exposure led to suppression of PTPN6 and phosphorylation of STAT3, culminating in increased expression of the apoptotic marker PDCD4.

THC+CBD treatment also caused a decrease in the levels of brain infiltrating CD4+ T cells and pro-inflammatory molecules (IL-17, INF-γ, TNF-α, IL-1β, IL-6, and TBX21), while increasing anti-inflammatory phenotype such as FoxP3, STAT5b, IL-4, IL-10, and TGF-β.

Aging is associated with organ-specific numerical changes in DC subsets, and DC activation status, and increased lipid content in pDCs and CD4(-) CD8α(+) DCs.

We demonstrate in this study that activation of primary human CD4(+) T lymphocytes increases LFA-1 affinity and avidity states, two events promoting the early events of the HIV-1 replication cycle through interactions between virus-embedded host ICAM-1 and LFA-1 clusters.

In CD4(+) T cells, PTP-BL deficiency leads to increased and prolonged activation of STAT4 and STAT6, and consequently enhanced T helper 1 (Th1) and Th2 cell differentiation.

Adiponectin treatment of CD4(+) T cells increased phosphorylation of p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) and signal transducer and activation of transcription (STAT) 4 and augmented T-bet expression.

The total cell numbers of CD4(+) T cells and especially CD8(+) T cells in the spleen and pancreatic lymph node were increased in the Stat5b transgenic NOD mice.

IL-27 also enhanced the ability of hPMSCs to secrete IL-10 from CD4+T cells through increased expression levels of the programmed death ligand 1 (PDL1) in hPMSCs via the Janus kinase (JAK)/signal transducer and activator of transcription 1 (STAT1) signaling pathway.

The transiently impaired CD4(+) T cell motility pattern correlated with increased LFA-1 expression and augmented phosphorylation of the microtubule regulator Stathmin on day 3 post immunization, yet neither microtubule destabilization nor integrin blocking could reverse TCR-imprinted unresponsiveness.

Comparing pre-post change by Peer Leader status, Peer Leaders had a significant decrease in viral load and significant increase in CD4 at the last HIV care visit compared to the first.

We show that memory T cells in kidney transplant patients, in particular after rATG treatment, have decreased cytokine responsiveness by impaired phosphorylation of STAT5 and have increased expression of coinhibitory molecules, processes which were correlated in CD8+ T cells.

In vivo studies reveal that a combination of Suprastat and anti-PD1 immunotherapy enhances antitumor immune response, mediated by a decrease of protumoral M2 macrophages and increased infiltration of antitumor CD8+ effector and memory T-cells.

STAT1 levels increased the prognostic and predictive value of intratumoural CD8+ T cells, confirming their synergistic role as biomarkers in HGSC.

Molecular events constantly induced in the CD8 cells within the BM of untreated mice include increase of both phosphorylated STAT-5 and phosphorylated p38 intracellular levels, and the reduction of CD127 membrane expression.

Based on these studies in mice and observations in human cancer patients, the authors propose treatments designed to regulate STAT3 activation, which are correlated with increased cytolytic activity of CD8(+) T cells in mouse models.

NKT-mediated anti-tumor activity was associated increased NKT and CD8+ T lymphocyte numbers increased expression of STAT4, a marker for IL-12 activity and elevated serum levels of the proinflammatory cytokines IFNgamma and IL12, and of IL4.

Concomitant HT impacted PTC signaling via STAT6 and TIME by increasing the number of CD8+ cells.

In contrast to healthy subjects, CD8+CD25+ Tregs from asthma subjects had either increased (pSTAT-5high) or decreased (pSTAT-5low) phosphorylated STAT-5 levels within individual cells.

We found that BTBR mice treated with AG126 exhibited significant decreases in IL-21R-, IL-21-, IL-22-, TNF-α-, NOS2-, STAT3-producing, and increases in IL-27- and Foxp3-producing, CD8+ T cells.

Lupus and control CD8+ T cells significantly increased STAT1 mRNA levels after treatment with IFNα.

Ablating T\240\cell Stat3 or treatment with an FAO inhibitor in obese mice spontaneously developing breast tumor reduces FAO increases glycolysis and CD8+ T effector cell functions, leading to inhibition of breast tumor development.

These CD8(+) T cells produced IFN-gamma and TNF-alpha and recognized Ag-pulsed or bacillus Calmette-Guérin-infected, HLA-A,0201-positive, but not HLA-A,0201-negative or uninfected human macrophages.

HHV-6B-specific CD8(+) T-cell lines and clones recognized HLA-A2-restricted peptides from the viral structural proteins U54 and U11, and displayed various antigen-specific antiviral effector functions.

However, only gene-modified CD8(+) lymphocytes specifically recognized HLA-A2.

The other CTL clone, T1/33, was CD8+ and recognized HLA-B,3501 or B,3503 complexed with an MCE, RPVASDFEP, derived from the c-abl sequence in proximity to the p210(b3a2) fusion point.

The anti-EBV T-cell response of one patient is mediated by HLA-B7 restricted CD8+ alphabeta T lymphocytes recognizing the BMRF1 nuclear EBV antigen, demonstrating that CD8+ alphabeta T cells can participate in anti-viral responses.

Peptide specific murine CD8 T cells recognized COS-7 cells co-transfected with HHD (HLA-A,0201) and STEAP cDNA constructs and also HLA-A,0201(+) STEAP(+) human tumor cells.

After 4 weeks, up to 32.3 % of the expanded CD8(+) T cells specifically recognized MDM2(81-88) by HLA-A2-dimer/peptide staining and up to 0.9 % of all T cells expanded reacted specifically against this MDM2-derived peptide in the IFN-gamma-ELISPOT assay.

To investigate this hypothesis, we analysed the response of peripheral CD8(+) T cells that recognized epitopes presented by HLA-A,2402.

These CD8+CTL lines recognized a HLA-A2+breast cancer cell line expressing the Mam-A2.

CD8+ CTLs from breast cancer patients also recognized a similar epitope pattern as did those in the HLA-A2+/hCD8 mice and reacted to the Mam-A2.

By analyzing a tumor-infiltrated lymph node of a melanoma patient bearing an SSX-2-expressing tumor, we have recently identified the first SSX-2-derived CD8(+) T-cell epitope, that corresponds to peptide SSX-2(41-49), and is recognized by specific CTL in an HLA-A2 restricted fashion.

From the same patient, a rare CD8(+) TIL clone with a distinct TCR recognized all four cancer cell lines restricted by HLA-B,4901.

Although T-cell responses were of low frequency (0.15 %), a CD8(+) T-cell clone (KSIVB17) was isolated that optimally recognized Bax(136-144) peptide (IMGWTLDFL) presented by HLA-A,0201.

For three peptides CD8(+) T cell lines were expanded and four of the 13 were recognized permissively through the HLA-B7 supertype family.

NY-ESO-1 p94-102 specific CD8+ T cells recognized naturally processed NY-ESO-1 presented by HLA-B51+ monocyte-derived dendritic and tumor cells.

We previously isolated CD8+ CTL clones that recognized a male-specific minor histocompatibility Ag presented by HLA-B8.

Ex vivo analysis of T cells from healthy virus carriers revealed a dominant CD8(+) T-cell response to the latency-associated pUL138 protein, which recognized a non-canonical 13 aa epitope in association with HLA-B,3501.

Indeed, SIV-specific, Mamu-E-restricted CD8+ T cells from RM recognized antigenic peptides presented by all MHC-E molecules tested, including cross-species recognition of human and MCM SIV-infected CD4+ T cells.

A transdominant-negative mutant of dynamin-1 inhibited A2-endo constitutive internalization and Nef-induced CD4 down-regulation, whereas it did not affect the activity of Nef on MHC-I.

Analysis of the results, in the context of the CD4 crystal structure, shows that mutations that affect the interaction with class II MHC molecules are located on three exposed loops from CD4 domains 1 and 2.

The CD4 molecule functions to enhance T cell activation when it is co-aggregated with the T cell receptor for antigen (TCR) by MHC class II antigenic peptide complexes.

Irrespective of the E2 presence, LPS and R848 up-regulated the expression of MHC II on DCs, so they exhibited enhanced allostimulatory capacity in co-culture with CD4+ lymphocytes.

We now report that MHC class I transcription in T cells also is enhanced by Foxp3, resulting in higher levels of class I in CD4(+) CD25(+) T regulatory cells than in conventional CD4(+) CD25(-) T cells.

This Nef mutant is defective for downregulating CD4 and, in addition, for enhancing SIV infectivity and induction of SIV replication from infected quiescent peripheral blood mononuclear cells, but not for other known functions, including downregulation of class I major histocompatibility complex (MHC) cell surface expression.

CD4 functions to enhance the sensitivity of T cells to antigenic peptide/MHC class II.

The cell surface molecules CD4 and CD8 greatly enhance the sensitivity of T-cell antigen recognition acting as " co-receptors" by binding to the same major histocompatibility complex (MHC) molecules as the T-cell receptor (TCR).

Here we provide direct evidence that under inflammatory conditions, brain endothelial cells (BECs) stimulate the migration of myelin-reactive CD4(+) T-cells by acting as non-professional antigen presenting cells through the processing and presentation of myelin-derived antigens in MHC-II.

The CD4 molecule acts as a receptor for class II MHC molecules to stabilize Ag recognition by the TCR and as a high affinity receptor for HIV-1.

The ability of CD8(+) T cells to act as cytolytic effectors and produce interferon-γ (IFN-γ) was demonstrated to mediate resistance to Toxoplasma gondii in murine models because of the recognition of peptides restricted by murine major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class I molecules.

The monomorphic cell surface glycoprotein CD8 acts as co-receptor in the recognition of peptide-major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class I complexes by cytotoxic lymphocytes (CTL) by binding to the monomorphic alpha 3 domain of the class I molecule.

The replication of simian immunodeficiency virus (SIV) in acutely infected CD4+ cells can be inhibited in vitro by CD8-suppressor factors (SF) and beta-chemokines induced by immunization of macaques with SIV gp120 and p27 in Alum.

These findings suggest that CD8αα⁺ but not CD8αβ⁺ cells may have the ability to inhibit R5-tropic HIV-1 replication in CD4⁺ NKT cells.

Establishment of latent HIV-1 infection in CD4+ T could be inhibited by viral-specific CD8+ T\240\cells, a result with implications for elimination of latent HIV-1 infection by T\240\cell-based vaccines.

When CD8+CD28- Ts cells were adoptively transferred into NOG mice, their capacity to inhibit CD4+ T cell proliferation in allospecific manner remained potent on 11 days after their injection.

BAFF did not significantly alter the apoptosis of CD4+ cells, however it significantly inhibited the apoptosis of CD8+ cells from COPD patients.

The second subset of CXCR5+ CD8 T cells functions as regulatory T cells that inhibit CD4 T follicular helper (Tfh) humoral responses and the development of autoantibodies.

(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS) CD8+ cells from HIV-infected individuals inhibit HIV replication in cultured CD4+ cells by a nonlytic, non-MHC-restricted mechanism.

In this study, CD8+ HIV type 1 (HIV-1) envelope-specific CTL clones specific for gp120 were isolated from peripheral blood mononuclear cells of four HIV-infected individuals, all of which recognized the same 25-amino-acid (aa) peptide (aa 371 to 395), which is partially contained in the CD4-binding domain of HIV-1 gp120.

These CD8(+) T cells specifically recognized HHV-6B-infected primary CD4(+) T cells in an HLA-restricted manner, produced antiviral cytokines, and killed infected cells, whereas HHV-6A-infected cells were not recognized.

The targets included lymphocyte intracellular and membrane antigens, confirmed by the detection by flow of IgM and IgG (mostly IgG1 and IgG4) anti-CD4+ cell Abs in 50 % of the patients, with half of these cases triggering lysis of CD4+ T cells.

To investigate whether CD45 also plays a regulatory role in Ig class switching in human B cells, we examined the effects of CD45 triggering on Ig class switching to IgE and its relationship with CD45 JAK phosphatase activity.

The fusion of HIV-1 with the plasma membrane of CD4+ cells is triggered by the interaction of HIV-1 surface envelope glycoprotein gp120 with the CD4 receptor, and requires coreceptors (CCR5 and CXCR4).

Nef acts as a connector between the CD4 cytoplasmic tail and intracellular sorting pathways both in the Golgi and at the plasma membrane triggering the de novo formation of CD4-specific clathrin-coated pits (CCP).

CD4 cells were removed from the donor marrow, and the numbers of CD8 cells were adjusted systematically in graded steps for successive patients, depending on the occurrence of grades III-IV GVHD or graft failure in previously enrolled patients.

The absence of graft failure associated with CD4 depletion supports the hypothesis that donor CD4 cells are not essential for preventing marrow graft rejection in humans.

To identify PLHIV with low CD4, PEPFAR plans to support expanded access to CD4 testing, including a point-of-care assay that differentiates CD4 cell count as a binary of greater than or less than 200 cells/µL.

We found that CD4-intrinsic Bcl6, Blimp-1, and STAT3 coordinately regulate expression of the Th1 master regulator T-bet supporting plasticity of CD4 T\240\cells.

Documented evolution, within individual macaques, of neutralization-resistant CD4-dependent SIV, derived from CD4-independent inocula supports these ideas, but does not explain CD4\s exclusive role as the penultimate receptor-even more striking, given the wide diversity of CKRs and other surface molecules that can serve as actual fusion receptors for SIV.

Progressive acquisition of strict CD4 tropism, independent of immunoselection supports the idea that surface CD4 identifies optimal host cells having intracellular environments most favorable to viral replication.

In addition, we found that CD4+TIM-3+ TILs potentially support tumor invasion and metastasis, compared with conventional CD4+CD25+ Tregs in the CRC TME.

Fusing LMP-1\s N-terminus and membrane-spanning domains to CD40\s C-terminus supports signaling more efficiently than CD40 plus ligand or CD40\s trimerized and/or localized derivatives.

CD49d+ granulocytes supported in vitro angiogenesis by endothelial cells significantly more than CD49d- control granulocytes, and physically interacted with endothelial cells.

These findings support previous studies in CD4 KO mice suggesting that surrogate DN helper and regulatory T-cells capable of supporting antigen-specific immune responses are produced in the absence of CD4 signaling and point out the need for better understanding the role of CD4 on thymic selection and the immune response.

The CD4+ lineage-specific transcription factor Thpok is required for intrathymic CD4+ T cell differentiation and, together with its homolog LRF supports CD4+ T cell helper effector responses.

Defining expression of these molecules on SM CD4(+) subsets may delineate distinct natural host target cell populations capable of supporting SIVsmm replication without CD4(+) T cell loss.

While breast milk contains CD4(+) cells throughout the breast-feeding period, it is not known whether MEC directly support HIV-1 infection or facilitate infection of CD4(+) cells in the breast compartment.

Broad, polyfunctional, and cytotoxic CD4+T-cell responses have been associated with control of simian immunodeficiency virus/HIV-1 replication supporting the inclusion of CD4+ T-cell epitopes in vaccine formulations.

The correlation between graft failure and the number of CD8 cells in the donor marrow supports the hypothesis that donor CD8 cells help to prevent marrow graft rejection.

Indeed, after depletion of CD8+ T cells in the coinfected animals, X4 virus emerged supporting the concept that differential CD8+ T cell-mediated immune control of X4- and R5-SHIV replication is responsible for the selective outgrowth of R5 viruses.

The temporal association between the detection of HCMV-specific CD8(+) T cell responses and the reduction in blood HCMV load supports the importance of CD8(+) T cells in controlling primary HCMV viremia.

In conclusion, the in vitro induction of CAMEL/NY-ESO-ORF2-specific CD8(+) T cells in healthy donors by DC infected with Ad5F35-CAMEL strongly supports further investigation of the Ad5F35 vector as a vehicle for gene transfer into DC for the generation of tumor antigen-specific CD8(+) T cell responses in vivo.

CD8-liganded HLA-A2 preference for binding HuD suggests that CD8-HLA-A2 may present a weakly binding peptide for TCR recognition supporting the hypothesis that CD8 increases TCR avidity to weak Ag-s.

IMPORTANCE The greater ex vivo antiviral inhibitory activity of CD8+ T cells from elite controllers than from HIV-1 progressors supports the crucial role of effective HIV-specific CD8+ T cells in controlling HIV-1 replication.

These results with analysis of vaccine-elicited CD8 + T cells for tumor-specific killing and regulatory cell marker expression, add further support to our premise that CD8+ IL-10 + T cells elicited by D52 tumor-self protein vaccine contribute to the suppression of a memory CTL responses and durable tumor immunity.

In vivo depletion of CD8 T\240\cell using an anti-CD8 monoclonal antibody abolished the antitumor effect, which supports the critical role of CD8 T\240\cells during icaritin treatment.

In addition to B cells, acute control required MHC class I molecules, CD8+ T cells, and granzymes supporting a model whereby B cells act as antigen presenting cells to activate cytotoxic CD8+ T cells.

CD8+ CTL responses are modulated by CD4+ helper T cells and by antigen-presenting cells.

Finally, with two-color flow cytometric analysis of intracellular cytokine expression at the single-cell level, a marked Th1-like bias (as determined by the frequency of gamma interferon- and interleukin 4-expressing cells) was observable for both CD8(+) and CD4(+) E7-specific lymphocyte populations.

Furthermore, CatS deficiency or Z-FL treatment also significantly inhibited the infiltration of CD4(+) T-cells that expressed interferon-γ (IFN-γ) in the dorsal spinal cord.

In patients with clinical responses, we found increased frequencies of R3-specific CD8(+) T cells that expressed high levels of CD107a and produced both interferon-gamma and granzyme B in response to antigen challenge.

Compared to CD8(+) T cells from LAT(-) TG, CD8(+) T cells from LAT(+) TG (i) recognized a broader selection of nonoverlapping HSV-1 epitopes, (ii) expressed higher levels of PD-1, TIM-3, and CTLA-4 markers of exhaustion, and (iii) produced less tumor necrosis factor alpha, gamma interferon, and granzyme B.

The CTL lines and a cloned CD8+CTL isolated from one of the bulk populations by limiting dilution could lyse MAGE-3+/HLA-A,2402+ squamous-cell-carcinoma(SCC) lines but neither MAGE-3-/HLA-A,2402+ nor MAGE-3+/HLA-A,2402- SCC lines, indicating that M3-p97 can be naturally processed and presented on the tumor-cell surface in association with HLA-A,2402 molecules.

To investigate CTL clones, 19 CD8+ T cell clones were obtained by limiting dilution method, each clone retained autologous-melanoma-specific, HLA-class I-restricted cytolytic activity.

These results indicate that HLA-A,26, B,4002, B,4006, and B,4801 alleles predispose to ATL because of the limited recognition of HTLV-1 Tax peptide anchor motifs and epitopes capable of generating anti-HTLV-1 Tax CD8(+) CTLs.

The benefits of intramyocardial injection of allogeneic MHC I((neg)) cells after MI were comparable to syngeneic bone marrow cell transplantation, with engraftment in cardiac tissue and limited recruitment of CD4 and CD8 cells up to 21 days post-MI.

Because MHC I-specialized DCs are positioned in regions with limited antigen delivery, modest reductions in antigen dose led to a substantially greater decline in CD8+ compared with CD4+ T cell activation, expansion, and clonal diversity.

To determine whether CD8(+) T cells can limit retroviral replication in the absence of other immune responses, we transferred 1-13 x 10 (9) allogeneic in vitro expanded SIV-specific CD8(+) T cell clones matched for the relevant restricting MHC-I allele into rhesus macaques near the time of i.

This inflammatory effector capability of CD8+ cytotoxic T cells was previously poorly recognized, but there is now considerable evidence that these diseases may be mediated by CD8+ DTH.

This result may suggest that decreased expression of NKB1(+) CD8(+) T cells contributes to the pathogenesis of RA mediated by the activation of CD8(+) T cells.

Together, these findings indicate that HLA-I peptide occupancy influences CD8 binding affinity, and reveal a new set of regulators of CD8+ T cell activation mediated by the binding of empty HLA-I to CD8.

The CLEC9A-WT1 vaccine promoted cross-presentation of WT1 epitopes to CD8+ T cells and mediated priming of naïve CD8+ T cells more effectively than the DEC-205-WT1 and untargeted control-WT1 vaccines.

In the clinic, however, cord blood CD8+ T-cell reconstitution is significantly delayed, and the observation of such a robust antileukemia effect mediated by cord blood CD8+ T cells has not been reported.

Functional revascularization by CD8 checkpoint blockade is mediated through unleashing such a poised lineage commitment of CD8+ T-cells from T2D mice.

The skin allograft model mirrored that of the LM model in that the accelerated D(d) skin allograft rejection response was lost in mice exposed to sublethal γ radiation, but infusion of allogeneic D(d) expressing bone marrow cells 1-4 days PI preserved the CD8+ T memory mediated accelerated rejection response, further suggesting that innate immune responses may not always be essential to rescue of CD8+ memory T cells following γ irradiation.

DR+CD38- or DR-CD38+ CD8+ cells also mediated significant activity, but only about half as much on a per cell basis as DR+CD38+ CD8+ cells.

After in vitro, stimulation with the only available autologous melanoma line, CD4+ cells with autologous tumor-specific cytotoxicity and ability to release interferon-gamma (IFN-gamma) were found in post- but not in pre-vaccination PBL.

Both CD4+ and CD8+ T cells are important for successful immunity to tuberculosis and have redundant effector functions, such as cytolysis and release of potent antimycobacterial cytokines such as interferon-gamma and tumor necrosis factor-alpha.

γδ T cells were used in several clinical trials to treat cancer patient due to their MHC-unrestricted cytotoxicity, ability to distinguish transformed cells from normal cells, the capacity to secrete inflammatory cytokines and also their ability to enhance the generation of antigen-specific CD8(+) and CD4(+) T cell response.

In the aortic tissue of TAK, there is increased infiltration of cytotoxic lymphocytes, such as natural killer (NK) cells and CD8+T cells, and enhanced expression of accessory molecules, such as major histocompatibility complex (MHC) and MHC class I chain-related gene (MIC) family.

The enhanced cross-priming was demonstrated by several parameters: 1) induction of naive CD8(+) T cell differentiation in 2-wk cultures, 2) enhanced killing of melanoma peptide-pulsed T2 cells, 3) enhanced killing of HLA-A,0201(+) melanoma cells in a standard 4-h chromium release assay, and 4) enhanced capacity to prevent tumor growth in vitro in a tumor regression assay.

By substituting amino acids in wild type sequences with non-proteogenic amino acids, affinity for MHC can be increased, which may ultimately enhance cytotoxic CD8+ T cell responses.

We report the use of transgenic mice expressing a derivative of HLA-A,0201, and dendritic cells, to enhance the activation of CD8+ T cells that recognize peptide epitopes derived from human tyrosinase and glycoprotein 100.

Extension of the tetrameric class I HLA model with interacting TCR and CD8 resulted in a model of a supramolecular cluster that may exist physiologically and serve as a functionally significant unit for a network of CD8-HLA-I complexes providing enhanced signaling efficiency even at low MHC-peptide concentrations at the interface of effector and APCs.

In IL6-deficient mice, metastatic colonization of CT26 cells in the liver was reduced, and the antitumor effector function of CD8+ T cells, as well as IL12 production by CD11c+ dendritic cells, were augmented in vivo IL6-deficient mice exhibited enhanced IFN-AR1-mediated type I interferon signaling, which upregulated PD-L1 and MHC class I expression on CT26 cells.

Signature molecules of M2 polarized macrophages like CD206 were also downregulated while co-stimulatory molecules like CD80, CD86 were up-regulated along with enhanced surface expression of MHCII when these macrophages were subjected to C75 treatment to reduce the LD formation.

Thus, following a chronic viral infection, increased functionality of the CD8 T cell response allowed for more rapid viral clearance at the cost of enhanced immunopathology dependent on both MHC diversity and the genetic background of the host.

Type 1 IFNs also induce MHC class 1 upregulation on tumor cells which can enhance anti-tumor CD8 T cell effector response in the tumor microenvironment.

In contrast, targeting Ag to CD8(+) or CD8(-) DCs enhanced MHC I or MHC II Ag presentation, respectively.

We previously showed fusion of ME-TRAP to the human MHC class II invariant chain (Ii) could enhance CD8+ T cell responses in non-human primates, but did not progress to clinical testing due to potential risk of auto-immunity by vaccination of humans with a self-antigen.

Both murine CD8+ and CD4+ T cells expressing hCD8 transgenes exhibited markedly enhanced responses to foreign HLA class I revealing the ability of T cell receptor repertoires selected on either murine class I or class II to recognize human class I major histocompatibility complex (MHC).

This demonstrates a partial role for CD4+ T cells while revealing MHC-II-restricted, CD4-independent mechanisms.

Dry eye significantly increased MHC-IIhighCD11b+ and CCR7+CD11b+ cells in the cornea and LNs, and MLR revealed CCR7+CD11b+ cells from DE corneas stimulated IL-17+CD4+ cell proliferation.

Placing HLA-B45,-B49, and-B50 into one structurally defined group revealed a much stronger and statistically significant association with the CD8 lymphocytosis syndrome (OR = 5.3, p = 0.0005).

HLA-A,0201-SSp-1 tetramer staining revealed the presence of significant populations of SSp-1-specific CTLs in SSp-1-induced CD8(+) T cells.

HLA-A2(insB10-18) tetramer staining revealed a strong association between detection of autoreactive CD8 T cells and recurrent autoimmunity after islet transplantation and graft failure in type 1 diabetic patients.

HLA-A2/IGRP tetramer staining revealed a higher frequency of IGRP-specific CD8 T-cells in the peripheral blood of recent onset human individuals than of healthy donors.

HLA-A,0201-C₆₄₋₇₂ tetramer staining revealed the presence of a significant population of C₆₄₋₇₂-specific CTLs in C₆₄₋₇₂-stimulated CD8+ T cells.

Molecular dynamics simulations of HLA-B,15:01 revealed different elements that may impair CD8+ T cell recognition of neoantigens.

This unbiased analysis of a TCR obtained directly from tissue-infiltrating CD8(+) T cells reveals that in psoriasis HLA-C,06:02 directs an autoimmune response against melanocytes through autoantigen presentation.

MHC-peptide tetramer staining revealed a frequency of up to 3.5 % CD8+/Melan-A+ T cells.

Blockade of MHC class II-TCR interaction led to selective expansion of MP Tregs and MP CD4+ and CD8+ T cells that was reversed upon cotreatment with CTLA-4-Ig.

HIV infection of CD4+ peripheral blood lymphocytes leads to a loss of MHC class I molecules on the surface of the infected cells as detectable by monoclonal antibody staining and flow cytometry.

Meanwhile, MHC-II expression and antigen presentation activity of BMDMs were also enhanced by rRv1768 stimulation leading to significantly increased IFN-γ expression of CD4+ T cells isolated from H37Rv-infected mice.

Mechanistically, LNSCs express and present self-antigens in major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class II leading to the conversion of naive CD4+ T\240\cells into T regulatory (TREG) cells in an interleukin-2 (IL-2)-dependent manner.

CPP conjugation to antigens would increase DC uptake as well as antigen processing and presentation on both MHC class II and MHC class I molecules leading to antigen specific CD4(+) and CD8(+) T cell responses.

Furthermore, the absence of Tec kinase IL-2-inducible T cell kinase in MHCII(-/-) donors leads to preferential development of IMP CD4(+) T cells and partially prevents pathogenesis.

MHC class II deficiency leads to defective CD4+ T-cell function that results from impaired antigen presentation.

The cytokine interferon-γ (IFNγ) can induce expression of MHC class II (MHCII) on many different cell types leading to antigen presentation to CD4+ T cells and immune activation.

This process involves the T cell receptor (TCR) which binds to the hepatocyte antigen presenting major histocompatibility complex (MHC) on the hepatocytic plasma membrane which quickly leads to the removal of the complex from the liver and uptake by the CD4 lymphocyte.

Collectively, these results suggest that Ag dose and peptide-MHC complex stability can lead to multiple fates of insulin-reactive CD4+ T cell development and autoimmune disease outcome.

Sustained TCR signaling is critical for ThPOK induction in MHC class II (MHCII)-signaled thymocytes leading to the CD4 helper lineage commitment.

Modulation of MHC proteins leads to viral evasion of cellular adaptive immunity, whereas modulation of receptors for the HIV envelope glycoprotein, including CD4, enhances viral infectivity.

HLA-A,2402-restricted MCPyV oncoprotein processing and presentation by mammalian cells led to CD8-mediated cytotoxicity.

We previously developed HER2-specific exosome-targeted T-cell vaccine HER2-TEXO capable of stimulating HER2-specific CD8+ T-cell responses, but only leading to partial protective immunity in double-transgenic HLA-A2/HER2 mice with self-immune tolerance to HER2.

Expression of each HLA(hyb) molecule and HLA-B27(nat)/human beta(2)-microglobulin led to peripheral CD8(+) T cell levels comparable with that for mice expressing a single H2-K(b) or H2-D(b) gene.

Treatment of MCMV-infected mice with MHC-Class I-saporin tetramers led to partial (80-90 %) depletion of epitope-specific CD8(+) T cells-rapidly followed by a rebound, leading to expansion and maintenance of up to 40 % of total CD8(+) T cells, with minimal changes in response to a control epitope (M45).

Alterations of the MHC class I antigen-processing and presentation machinery (APM) in resistant cancer cells, but not antigen loss or impaired IFNγ signaling led to impaired recognition by tumor-specific CD8+ T cells.

As an immune evasion strategy, MICA and MICB, the major histocompatibility complex class I homologs, are proteolytically cleaved from the surface of cancer cells leading to impairment of CD8\240\+\240\T cell- and natural killer cell-mediated immune responses.

High expression of HER2/neu inhibited the expression of HLA-class I molecules leading to a poor recognition of human or murine tumors by E75-specific cytotoxic CD8(+) T cells.

HLA-B,57-mediated selection pressure leads to a typical escape pathway in human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) CD8 epitopes such as TW10.

Among thymocytes bearing TCRs restricted to MHC class I, agonist selection can lead to the development of precursors that can home to the gut and give rise to CD8αα-expressing intraepithelial lymphocytes (CD8αα IELs).

Cross-presentation is an MHC-I antigen processing pathway that results in the presentation of peptides from exogenous viral, bacterial, parasitic, and tumor antigens and ultimately leads to priming of naïve CD8+ T cells.

Importantly, ERO1-α regulates the redox state as well as cell surface expression of MHC class I leading to alteration of susceptibility by CD8(+) T cells.

These data indicate that IFN-alpha-mediated MHC I up-regulation on thymic epithelial cells may lead to high avidity interactions with developing double-positive thymocytes and drive the selection of dysfunctional CD3(+) CD8(low) T cells.

If TAA-specific CD4(+) T-cell responses were detected in SKIL cultures, it coincided with TAA-specific CD8(+) T-cell responses.

SARS-CoV-specific CD4+ T-cell responses were detected in all vaccinees, and CD8+ T-cell responses in approximately 20 % of individuals.

Interferon-γ (IFN-γ) and interleukin-4 (IL-4) were detected in the CD4+ cells, and perforin and granzyme B were detected in the CD8+ cells.

Influenza-specific CD4(+) and CD8(+) T cells were detected in the spleen and lymph nodes, and virus-specific CD8(+) effectors localized to the lungs of the JAK3 BMT mice.

While autoreactive CD4+ T cells have been detected in patients, CD8+ T cells have only been examined to a minor extent.

Using interferon-gamma enzyme-linked immunospot, Mtb39-specific CD8+ T lymphocytes were detected in three healthy individuals with latent tuberculosis infection who also had strong anti-Mtb39-specific CD4+ T cell responses.

This KLR is commonly expressed by human NK cells as well as TCRgammadelta(+) and TCRalphabeta(+) CD8(+) T lymphocytes, but it has been also detected in CD4(+) T cells from rheumatoid arthritis and cancer patients.

Five single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) locating in the regulatory region of porcine CD8A gene were detected and tested for association analysis with seven T lymphocyte subpopulations (proportion of CD4(-) CD8(-), CD4(+) CD8(+), CD4(+) CD8(-), CD4(-) CD8(+), CD4(+), CD8(+), and the ratio of CD4(+) to CD8(+) T cells in peripheral blood) in 382 Large White piglets.

Production of RANTES, macrophage inhibitory protein 1 alpha (MIP-1alpha), or MIP-1beta from stimulated CD8(+) T cells of vaccinated animals was almost 10-fold higher than that from stimulated CD8(+) T cells of control animals.

However, boosting a recall immune response via memory CD8+ T cells or vaccination to stimulate naïve CD8+ T cells would require CD28-mediated co-stimulation.

In A,0201-bearing individuals, the CD8+ T-cell response was potent when stimulated with autologous CD8- PBMCs.

The ability of CD83(+) mature DCs infected with vaccinia virus encoding the gp100 melanoma transgene (rV-gp100) to stimulate an antimelanoma CD8(+) T-cell response was investigated.

When IL-2 was supplied in excess, anti-CD3 induced comparable levels of cell proliferation and cytotoxic activity in Ly6Cneg, Ly6Clow, Ly6Cint, and Ly6Chi CD8+ T cells whereas alloantigen stimulated an approximate fivefold higher cytotoxic response by Ly6Chi than Ly6Cneg + low CD8+ T cells.

CD8+CD28- Ts cells were expanded by stimulating human CD8+ T cells with allogeneic antigen presenting cells in the presence of the common gamma chain cytokines IL-2, IL-7 and IL-15 in vitro, and were further verified in vitro through day 7 to 11 for their persistency of the allospecific suppressive capacity.

Five experimental groups were set based on the condition of MACSiBeads™ Particles, CFDA-SE staining and cell composition of co-culture system, which were stimulated CD8+ cells without CFDA-SE staining, unstimulated CD8+ cells with CFDA-SE staining stimulated CD8+ cells with CFDA-SE staining, co-cultured with Treg cells at a ratio of 1 : 0.25, 1 : 0.125 and 1 : 0, respectively.

The effective induction of neonatal CD8(+) T cell responses by this minimal Ag delivery system demonstrates that neonatal CD11c(+) DC may mature sufficiently to stimulate naive CD8(+) neonatal T cells, even in the absence of strong maturation signals.

The presence of CD8+ T cells during in vivo immune responses leads to the early activation and up-regulation of multiple functions by CD4+ T lymphocytes.

We have expressed two T cell epitopes that may be useful in leukemia treatment as single-chain MHC class I molecules, aiming to develop a system for the expansion of antigen-specific CD8(+) T cells in vitro.

In order to objectively gauge Mycobacterium tuberculosis (MTB)-specific CD8+ T-cells at the single-cell level, we developed soluble major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class I multimers/peptide multimers, which allow analysis of antigen-specific T-cells without ex vivo manipulation or functional tests.

Taken together, our data show that T-bet-deficient recipients of complete MHC-mismatched lung allografts develop costimulation blockade-resistant rejection characterized by neutrophilia and obliterative airway inflammation that is predominantly mediated by CD8(+) IL-17(+) T cells.

We have previously shown that T-bet-deficient recipients of full major histocompatibility complex (MHC)-mismatched, orthotopic left lung transplants develop accelerated obliterative airway disease (OAD) in the setting of acute cellular rejection characterized by robust alloimmune CD8+ interleukin (IL)-17 and interferon (IFN)-γ responses that are attenuated with neutralization of IL-17.

Based on the evidence that CD8+ cytotoxic T cells (CTL) precursors do not appear to distinguish between virus-infected cells and viral peptide-pulsed syngeneic cells, we have developed methods for priming class I MHC molecule restricted CD8+ CTL with such peptides without using any adjuvant.

This broad characterization of common MHC class I alleles in more than 100 pigtail macaques further develops this animal model for the study of virus-specific CD8(+) T cell responses.

Applying fluorescent HLA-A2/RAB38/NY-MEL-1(50-58) multimeric constructs, we were able to document a spontaneously developed memory/effector CD8 T cell response against this peptide in a melanoma patient.

Novel characteristics of HLA-B27 have been discovered, which have allowed hypotheses for an influence of HLA-B27 on disease to be developed that do not reflect its ability to present arthritogenic peptides to CD8(+) T cells.

In contrast to control mice, IL-3-treated Jak3(-/-) mice challenged with the allogeneic major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class I-bearing tumor P815 developed a specific CD8-dependent cytotoxic T lymphocyte (CTL) response.

Recipient CD8 T cells are activated and develop cytotoxicity against MHC Class I-deficient donor cells in association with rejection.

In addition, leukemic blasts present at the time of the emergence of GVHD expressed HLA-A2 and HLA class II and could activate both the CD4 and CD8 alloreactive T cells.

To investigate the antigenicity of peptides carried by recombinant bacteriophages we displayed different HCMV MHCII restricted peptides on the capsid of filamentous bacteriophage (fd) and found that hybrid bacteriophages are processed by human APC and activate HCMV-specific CD4 T-cells.

Here we present evidence that IMCgp100 (ImmTAC recognizing a peptide derived from the melanoma-specific protein, gp100, presented by HLA-A,0201) efficiently redirects and activates effector and memory cells from both CD8+ and CD4+ repertoires.

CD8+ and gammadelta T cells, rather than CD4+ T cells, were activated in vivo in patients with active BD and HLA-B51, but not in those with inactive BD, suggesting that these potentially cytotoxic T cells play a critical role in BD flares.

Inflammation is T lymphocyte mediated, although surprisingly CD4+ cells are more active in transferring disease than CD8+ cells, which would be expected to be preferentially activated by Class I MHC peptides.

In this study, we have generated recombinant vaccinia virus (VacV) vectors that target I-Ab-restricted peptides for MHC class II (MHC-II) presentation to activate CD4+ T cells in mice.

Overall, our data show that VacV vectors targeting peptides for MHC-II presentation is an effective strategy to activate Ag-specific CD4+ T cells in vivo and could be used to study Ag-specific effector and memory CD4+ T cell responses against a variety of viral, bacterial, or parasitic infections.

Peripheral blood B cells were isolated and cultured with CpG2006, PMA, MICA antigen, B-cell activating factor, CD40 ligand (CD40L), human recombinant IL-2 (rhuIL-2), rhuIL-10, rhuIL-4, and rhuIL-21.

It has been previously demonstrated that MVA-infected dendritic cells can present antigens in the context of MHC II and activate CD4+ T cell.

HLA class II alleles encode MHC proteins on antigen-presenting cells, which function to present peptides and activate CD4 T cells.

Here, we show that host CD4+ TEM activated by EC class II MHC molecules, provide critical help for this process.

They mature upon recognition of pathogens and upregulate MHC molecules and costimulatory receptors to activate antigen-specific CD4(+) and CD8(+) T cells.

This approach allows DCs to be exposed to the entire repertoire of tumor-associated antigens (TAAs) originally expressed by the tumor cell, to process them endogenously, and to present antigenic epitopes thought the MHC class I and class II pathways to activate both CD8+ and CD4+ T cells, respectively.

Importance: Major histocompatibility complex class II (MHC-II) has been known to activate CD4 T helper immune cells.

Antigenic peptides displayed by MHC II (class II Major Histocompatibility Complex) molecules is a pivotal process to activate CD4+ TH cells (Helper T cells).

Immune responses against intestinal microbiota contribute to the pathogenesis of inflammatory bowel diseases (IBD) and involve CD4(+) T cells, which are activated by major histocompatibility complex class II (MHCII) molecules on antigen-presenting cells (APCs).

Finally, we demonstrate that OPCs can phagocytose and that MHC-II-expressing OPCs can activate memory and effector CD4-positive T cells.

Unlike their WT counterparts, T2 and T1 Gal-1-/- B cells did not suppress TNF-α expression by CD4+ T cells activated in vitro with allogenic DCs (allo-DCs), nor were they suppressive in vivo, being unable to delay MHC-class I mismatched skin allograft rejection following adoptive transfer.

Major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class II molecules are essential for processing and presenting exogenous pathogen antigens to activate CD4+ T cells.

In conclusion, MHC II uveal melanoma vaccines activate purified CD4+ T cells and may serve as a novel immunotherapy for uveal melanoma patients.

DCs are unique in their ability to process exogenous antigens via the major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class I pathway as well as in their ability to activate naive, antigen-specific CD8+ and CD4+ T cells.

These markers consist of T cell-specific antigens (CD2, CD3, CD4, and CD8)  activated T cell antigens (CD25 and CD71), major histocompatibility complex (MHC) antigens (class I and II), and adhesion molecules (LFA-1 and ICAM-1).

Our results support the concept that MHC class II-positive/Ii-negative (class II(+)/Ii(-)) antigen-presenting cells (APC) present endogenously synthesized vaccine antigens simultaneously by MHC class II and class I molecules activating both CD4(+) and CD8(+) T cells.

We also demonstrate that uveal melanoma MHC II vaccines activate uveal melanoma-specific, cytolytic CD8(+) T cells that do not lyse normal fibroblasts or other tumor cells.

Allograft-primed CD8 T cells from CCR5-deficient allograft recipients were activated during culture either with proinflammatory cytokine-stimulated wild-type endothelial cells pulsed with the I-A(bm12) peptides or with proinflammatory cytokine-simulated bm12 endothelial cells, indicating their presentation of the I-A(bm12) β-chain peptide/class I MHC complexes.

Major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class I chain-related A (MICA) is located in a candidate susceptibility region and activates natural killer (NK) cells, T cells and gammadelta CD8 T cells by its receptor NKG2D.

It has been found that the human major histocompatibility complex class I chain-related antigen AB (MICAB), the ligand for NKG2D (an activating receptor of NK cell, CD8+ cell and gammadelta T cell), could be induced by cellular stress.

MICA is the ligand for the activating receptor NKG2D, expressed mainly by NK cells and CD8+ cytotoxic T cells.

MICA/B are ligands for the activating receptor NKG2D on NK and CD8 T cells.

MICA is a highly polymorphic ligand for NKG2D activating NK and costimulating CD8+T cells and a ligand for tissue-resident Vδ1 γδ T subsets.

Human dsNKG2D-IL-15 also delayed the growth of transplanted melanoma (B16BL6-MICA) by activating and recruiting mouse NK and CD8+ T cells.

The functional supertype of HLA-A2 was investigated in the presentation of the A,0201-restricted Flu matrix p58-66 peptide to activate recall CD8+ T-cell response.

Certain antigen-presenting cells (APCs) process and present extracellular antigen with major histocompatibility complex class I (MHC-I) molecules to activate naive CD8(+) T cells in a process termed cross-presentation.

In addition, our findings indicated that HLA-A11svE4 molecules were functional in activating CD8+ T cells through Ag presentation.

Exogenous antigens processed in the cytosol and subsequently cross-presented on major histocompatibility complex class I (MHC-I) molecules activate cytotoxic CD8+ lymphocytes (CTL), which are crucial in cancer immunotherapy.

Dendritic cells (DCs) present exogenous antigens on major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class I molecules, thereby activating CD8+ T cells, contributing to tumor elimination through a mechanism known as antigen cross-presentation.

DEC-205+ dendritic cells (DCs) can cross-present the epitope(s) of captured tumour antigens associated with class I MHC molecules alongside co-stimulatory molecules to prime and activate tumour-specific CD8+ CTLs.

WASp-deficient dendritic cells have increased localization and activity of Rac2 to the phagosomal membrane and this allows antigen to be presented on MHC class I molecules to activate cytotoxic CD8+ T cells.

Naïve anti-viral CD8+ T cells (TCD8+) are activated by the presence of peptide-MHC Class I complexes (pMHC-I) on the surface of professional antigen presenting cells (pAPC).

Elimination of infected cells is achieved by cytotoxic CD8(+) T cells that are activated by MHC I-mediated presentation of pathogen-derived antigenic peptides.

In this study, we identified eight novel MHC-I restricted epitopes derived from a broad range of HBV proteins that were capable of activating CD8(+) T cells.

The immunoproteasome (i-proteasome) enhances antigen presentation for MHC class I molecules to activate CD8+T lymphocyte.

We discuss the importance of major histocompatibility complex class I (MHC-I) alleles in activating CD8+ T-cell populations that promote control of both HIV and simian immunodeficiency virus (SIV) replication.

Cross-presentation initiates immune responses against tumors and viral infections by presenting extracellular antigen on MHC I to activate CD8+ T\240\cell-mediated cytotoxicity.

cDC1s are superior in antigen cross-presentation, a process of presenting exogenous antigens on MHC class I to activate CD8+ T cells.

In another patient, injection of CD4+ T cells revealed CD69 expression by intraepidermal CD4+ as well as CD8+ T cells.

Evaluation of ex vivo migration patterns of CD4/CD8-defined thymocyte subpopulations revealed that double-negative (DN), and CD4(+) and CD8(+) single-positive (SP) cells from P.

Chimeric D1D2-CD4 joined to CCR5 revealed that the C-terminal 20 residues of human D2-CD4 are required for efficient ENV-mediated fusion.

Indeed, results from antibody-mediated CD47 blockade experiments as well as CD47 knockout mice revealed an immunosuppressive role for CD47 during infections with lymphocytic choriomeningitis virus and Mycobacterium tuberculosis Since CD47 blockade operates at the level of pattern recognition receptors rather than at a pathogen or antigen-specific level, these findings identify CD47 as a novel potential immunotherapeutic target for the enhancement of immune responses to a broad range of infectious agents.

Sequencing of the CD4 gene revealed a homozygous (splicing) mutation affecting the last bp on intron 7-8, leading to deletion of the juxtamembrane and intracellular domains of the protein and complete abrogation of CD4 expression on the cell membrane.

10 mice and the α7 nAChR agonist GTS-21, investigation of (1) antigen processing-dependent and (2)-independent, antigen presenting cell (APC)-dependent, naïve CD4+ T cell differentiation, as well as (3) non-specific APC-independent, anti-CD3/CD28 mAbs-induced CD4+ T cell differentiation revealed the differential roles of α7 nAChRs expressed on T cells and APCs in the regulation of CD4+ T cell differentiation.

Nevertheless, the absence of dermal eosinophils did not lead to an increase in the responsiveness of CD4(+) T cells in the sdLN revealing that eosinophils in repeatedly exposed skin did not impact on the development of CD4(+) T-cell hyporesponsiveness.

Adoptive transfer of effector CD4(+) T cells revealed that MDSC-sensitized effector CD4(+) T cells were less potent in mounting antitumor immune responses, although effector T cells generated together with Gr-1(+) cells from tumor-free mice eradicated established tumors.

Phenotypic characterization of IFN-γ-producing CD4+ and CD8+ T cells in BALB/c mice and CD4+ T cells in C57BL/6 mice revealed effector memory T cells (CD44hi CD62Llo) as the predominant cells that contributed to IFN-γ production in response to MIC antigens.

The H66N change also stabilizes the HIV-1 envelope glycoprotein complex once the CD4-bound state is achieved, decreasing the probability of CD4-induced inactivation and revealing the enhancing effects of soluble CD4 binding on HIV-1 infection.

Interestingly, naive CD4 T cells, which are selectively targeted by X4 HIV-1 revealed a significantly higher expression of Trim5alpha than memory CD4 T cells.

While three of five participants exhibited some degree of proviral compartmentalization between CD4+ T cell subsets, combined analyses revealed no evidence that any particular CD4+ T cell subset harbored the longest persisting, most genetically diverse, and/or most genetically distinctive HIV reservoir.

The immunoprecipitation of full-length native CD4 from lymphoid MT2 and CEM-T4 cell extracts, however revealed both monomeric and higher-order CD4 antigen complexes by immunoblotting.

Analysis of cytokine secretion by gp160-specific CD4+ T cell clones revealed Th0-, Th1-, and Th2-like patterns, with CD4+ CTL clones showing Th0- or T\1-like patterns.

Comparison to the crystal structure of human CD4 does, however reveal unusual features in the second Ig-like domain, D2, of cat CD4.

The structure provides an atomic-level description of the CD4-binding site on MHC class II and reveals how CD4 recognizes highly polymorphic HLA-DR,-DP, and-DQ molecules by targeting invariant residues in their α2 and β2 domains.

In subgroup analyses, high CD4+ TIL infiltration was revealed as an independent good prognostic factor in hormone receptor-negative subgroup while high FOXP3+/CD8+ T cell ratio was found to be an independent adverse prognostic factor in hormone receptor-positive subgroup, especially in luminal A subtype.

\240\berghei blood-stage MHC II immunopeptidome, highlights the potency of cDC1 to present malaria antigens on MHC II, and reveals a major role for cDC1 in regulating malaria-specific CD4 T-cell responses.

Using HLA-A2/HY peptide tetrameric complexes, we reveal a close association between the emergence of HY peptide-specific CD8(+) T cells in peripheral blood and molecular remission of relapsed BCR/ABL(+) chronic myelogenous leukemia in lymphoid blast crisis in a patient who underwent female-to-male transplantation.

Rectal and systemic CD8(+) CTL clones established in 1 vaccine recipient revealed similar Env-specific responses and MHC restriction.

The production of synthetic MHC-peptide tetramers has revolutionized cellular immunology by revealing enormous CD8(+) T cell expansions specific for peptides from various pathogens.

Intravital imaging studies of calcium signaling in virus-specific CD8+ T cells revealed instead that brain-resident microglia were the relevant source of viral peptide-MHC I complexes.

The responsiveness of CD25-depleted CD4 cells to an A2201 peptide was enhanced 11 and 19 weeks following inhibitor detection, suggesting the possible involvement of CD4+CD25+ regulatory T cells in modulating immune responses.

The αβ T-cell coreceptor CD4 enhances immune responses more than 1 million-fold in some assays, and yet the affinity of CD4 for its ligand, peptide-major histocompatibility class II (pMHC II) on antigen-presenting cells, is so weak that it was previously unquantifiable.

The trispecific CD4-MBL-R5Nt CAR displays enhanced in vitro anti-HIV potency compared to the CD4-MBL CAR, as well as undetectable HIV entry receptor activity.

Intranasal administration of OVA-pulsed CD40-silenced DCs resulted in significantly up-regulated IL-10, IL-35, and Foxp3 expression, and enhanced the percentage of CD11c+CD40- and CD4+CD25+ cells within the cervical lymph nodes compared to subcutaneous, intraperitoneal, or intravenous routes of administration.

We have previously reported that IL-27 inhibits human immunodeficiency virus type-1 (HIV-1) replication in CD4(+) T cells and monocyte-derived macrophages, even though IL-12 enhances HIV-1 replication in primary CD4(+) T cells.

However, in pSS, CD4+TIGIT+ T cells showed enhanced activity than the CD4+ TIGIT- T cells.

Graft survival was associated with expansion of CD4+CD25+FOXP3+ regulatory T cells (Tregs) and enhanced transforming growth factor-β production by CD4+ T cells.

In contrast, high concentration of IL-24 not only promoted CD4+ T cell proliferation, but also enhanced CD4+ T cell activity, which mainly presented as up-regulation of Th1/Th17 frequency, T-bet/RORγt mRNA, and IFN-γ/IL-17 production but down-regulation of Treg percentage, FoxP3 mRNA, and IL-10/IL-35 secretion.

A CD206+ cell-rich status inhibited OVA-specific CD4+ T-cell responses but reciprocally enhanced the proportion of both IL-10+CD4+ cells and Foxp3+ regulatory T-cells in regional lymph nodes.

Moreover, miR-744 agomir administration significantly enhanced the expression levels of CD62L and Ki67 in CD4+CD25+ Treg cells from heart transplantation mice and further enhanced immunosuppressive function of Treg cells following coculture with CD4+CD25- T cells for different ratios.

DP1 deletion in CD4+ T cells augmented age-related hypertension in aged male mice by enhancing Th1 cytokine secretion, vascular remodeling, CD4+ T cells infiltration, and superoxide production in vasculature and kidneys.

chabaudi and cured with drug, CD4+ T cells in the Il-27ra-/- mice exhibited enhanced CD4+ T-cell responses, indicating the inhibitory role of IL-27 on the protective immune responses.

RSV-induced CD4+T cell expansion and activation seems to depend upon the pulmonary group 2 innate lymphoid cells (ILC2s), since adoptive transfer of lung ILC2s can enhance not only the numbers of CD4+T cells but also the cytokine production by CD4+T cells.

Interestingly, depletion of CD4+ T cells from B cell-deficient, but not wild-type, mice enhanced susceptibility to infection, further confirming that CD4+ T cell-mediated immunity against Brucella is inhibited by B cells.

Mechanistic analyses reveal that although GzmB does not affect donor T cell engraftment, proliferation or tissue-specific migration, GzmB(-/-) CD4(+) CD25(-) T cells exhibit significantly enhanced expansion because of GzmB-mediated activation-induced cell death of wild-type CD4(+) CD25(-) T cells.

Aire deficiency reduced the differentiation of naïve CD4+ T cells into type 2 T helper (Th2) cells and regulatory T cells (Tregs) but enhanced the differentiation of naïve CD4+ T cells into Th1 cells, Th17 cells, and follicular helper T (Tfh) cells.

Consistent with these findings, mice vaccinated with rBCG-CatS showed increased antigen-specific CD4+ T-cell responses, as well as enhanced cytokine production and proliferation in CD4+ upon ex vivo re-stimulation.

CCR6 is highly expressed on peripheral blood CD4(+) CCR5(+) memory T cells and by 2 populations of CD4(+) T cells within the gut, alpha4beta7(+) and T helper type 17, that have been implicated in cell-to-cell spread of HIV and enhanced restoration of CD4(+) T cells within gut-associated lymphoid tissue, respectively.

The majority of HAMB increased HIV-1 infection and depletion of LP CD4 T cells, but gram-negative HAMB enhanced CD4 T cell infection to a greater degree than gram-positive HAMB.

Increased levels of activated and highly susceptible HIV-1 target cells, reduced CD4 and enhanced CXCR4 cell surface expression, together with the high susceptibility to FAS-induced programmed cell death may contribute to the rapid CD4+ T cell depletion and accelerated clinical course of infection in elderly HIV-1-infected individuals.

In the individual that developed the highest autologous ADCC responses, the high granzyme B producing antibodies bound to surface expressed envelope in the absence of CD4 and were not enhanced by the addition of soluble CD4.

We propose that Nef, by downregulating cell surface CD4 enhances HIV-1 replication by inhibiting CD4-induced dissociation of gp120 from gp41.

Finally, while not all neutralization-sensitive Envs were CD4 independent, all CD4-independent Envs exhibited enhanced sensitivity to neutralization by HIV-1-positive human sera, indicating that the humoral immune response can exert strong selective pressure against the CD4-independent phenotype in vivo.

However, while TNF-alpha has a protective role in antiviral resistance of activated CD4+ T cells to R5-tropic viruses, it enhances CXCR4 expression of CD4+ T cells and mediates increased susceptibility to infection with X4-tropic strains of HIV and recombinant SIVs.

We propose that cooperative binding of macrophage-tropic HIV-1 onto CCR-5 and CD4 may enhance virus adsorption and infectivity for cells that have only a trace of CD4.

The binding of CD4 significantly enhances allosteric communications from the CD4-binding site to V3 loop and β20-21 hairpin, resulting in high-affinity interactions with coreceptors and activation of the conformational transitions switcher, respectively.

An involvement of increased CD4 expression in this enhanced proliferative response was evidenced by the observation that T cell proliferation in CORT-treated cultures was much less sensitive to inhibition by an inhibitory, nondepleting anti-CD4 mAb than that in control cultures.

Importance Escape mutant-specific CD8+ T-cells were elicited in some individuals infected with escape mutants, but it is still unknown that these CD8+ T-cells can suppress HIV-1 replication.

Spontaneous control of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) is generally associated with an enhanced capacity of CD8+ T cells to eliminate infected CD4+ T cells, but the molecular characteristics of these highly functional CD8+ T cells are largely unknown.

Our previous studies demonstrated that CD8 T cells from chronically infected patients with high virus load proliferated poorly in response to interleukin-2 (IL-2), a cytokine critical in CD8 T cell growth and differentiation, even though relatively high levels of IL-2 receptor (IL-2R) were expressed.

Here we show that although HIV-1 produced by CD8+ cells maintained the ability to infect CD4+ cells, these viruses were able to infect CD8+ cells independent of CD4.

Evidence indicates that these viruses used CD8 as a receptor to infect CD8+ cells.

Additionally, HSV-1-specific CD8+ T cells were transferred into HSV-1 latently infected mice to mimic the effect of a therapeutic vaccine, and their migration into trigeminal ganglia (TG) was traced during steady-state latency, or during recovery of the TG-resident memory CD8+ T cell population following stress-, and corticosterone-induced depletion and HSV-1 reactivation from latency.

Transferred HSV-specific CD8+ T cells failed to access latently infected TG during steady-state latency, or during recovery of the TG resident HSV-specific CD8+ T cell population following exposure of latently infected mice to stress and corticosterone.

Our findings are consistent with the notion that the CD8+ T cells in latently infected TG are a tissue-resident memory (Trm) population that is maintained without replenishment from the periphery, and that when this population is disrupted, it recovers without proliferation or detectable recruitment of HSV-specific CD8+ T cells from the blood.

To rule out any possible role for CD8(+) T cells in viral control, we infected mice in which CD8(+) T cells had been removed by a depleting antibody.

To investigate the mechanism and functional significance of infection of CD8+ lymphocytes by human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) in vivo, we determined frequencies of infection, proviral conformation, and genetic relationships between HIV-1 variants infecting naive (CD45RA+) and memory (CD45RO+) peripheral blood CD4+ and CD8+ lymphocytes.

Overexpression of NKG2A has been observed on CD8+ and NK cells of COVID-19 infected patients compared to healthy controls, while NKG2A overexpression also functionally exhausts CD8+ cells and NK cells, resulting in a severely compromised innate immune response.

We have recently described derivation of Chlamydia-specific human CD8(+) T cells by using infected dendritic cells as a surrogate system to reflect Chlamydia-specific CD8(+) T cell responses in vivo.

These strategies are primarily focused on CD8+ T cells and approaches are challenging due to insufficient HIV antigen production from infected cells and poor HIV-specific CD8+ T cells.

We also compared the epigenetic signatures of the 2 CD8 T cell subsets from chronically infected mice with effector and memory CD8 T cells generated after an acute LCMV infection.

Consistently, a marked reduction of cyst numbers and upregulation of ICOS, CXCR3, CXCR6, IL-18R1, and Chil3 mRNA levels were also detected when the perforin-sufficient CD8+ immune T cells were transferred to infected SCID mice at 6 weeks after infection, indicating that the CD8+ T cell-mediated protective immunity is capable of eliminating mature T.

HIV infection reduces the expression of HLA-A,-B, and-C on the surfaces of infected CD4 (iCD4) T cells.

After intranasal inoculation, it showed a severe defect in salivary gland colonization that was associated with increased MHC II expression on infected cells, and was significantly rescued by CD4+ T cell loss.

Twelve MHC-genotyped MCMs were infected with SIVmac251 and monitored for viral loads and CD4+ T-cell counts.

This cytotoxicity was not MHC class I-restricted, and depletion of CD8+ T lymphocytes from unfractionated PBL cultures shortly after HIV infection largely abolished the killing of the infected CD4+ T lymphocytes.

We have previously shown that IFN-α stimulation augments direct natural killer (NK) cell lysis of autologous CD4 primary T cells infected with certain HIV-1 isolates based upon major histocompatibility complex class 1 (MHC-1) downregulation capacity.

Human CD4+ T cell clones infected in vitro with the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), unlike their noninfected counterparts, induced both proliferation and immunoglobulin (Ig) production by both autologous and allogeneic B cells through an antigen (Ag)-nonspecific, MHC-unrestricted, contact-dependent mechanism.

We also identified in all donors CD4 T cells specific for A2/peptide complexes, whose frequencies were not affected by MHC class I expression, but nevertheless correlated with those of their naive CD8 T cell counterparts.

The flow cytometry data indicated that a decreased number of CD4+ and CD8+ T cells in the peripheral blood of mice with EAE without affecting the number of T regulatory cells (CD4\240\+\240\CD25+ forkhead box protein 3 +).

In addition, LI-M\ boosting dramatically enhanced CD8+ T cell-mediated immunity without affecting the response intensity of CD4+ T cell-mediated immunity.

However, most therapeutic T cell products are generated from lymphocytes, containing CD4+ T cells that can affect CD8+ T cells dependent on the Th-subset.

Also, CD8(+) lymphocyte depletion significantly affected the ability to generate SIV Gag-specific CD4(+) T-cell responses and neutralizing antibodies.

Anti-TIGIT monoclonal antibodies (mAb) were used to block the function of TIGIT in OC mice, and we found that the anti-TIGIT treatment reduced the proportion of CD4+ Tregs, but did not affect CD4+ and CD8+ T cells or natural killer cells.

As a consequence, Hrd1-null DCs failed to prime CD4(+) T cells without affecting the activation of CD8(+) T cells.

However, it is largely unexplored how inflammation-induced MHCII expression by intestinal epithelial cells (IEC) affects CD4(+) T cell-mediated immunity or tolerance induction in vivo.

) In the controls, the challenge dose (10 to 20 50 % monkey infectious doses [ MID(50) ]) or MHC did not affect susceptibility to infection, peak viral load, or acute CD4 T-cell loss, whereas in the chronic phase of infection, the H1 haplotype correlated with a high viral load (P = 0.028) and CD4 loss (P = 0.0343).

Lipopolysaccharide (LPS) and interferon-gamma (IFN-γ) induced macrophage activation and polarization were significantly suppressed by bilobalide as indicated by reduced expression of cytokine, major histocompatibility complex II (MHC-II), and CD11c.

We demonstrated using in vitro models of immune activation that the production of interferon-gamma was specifically induced by abacavir treatment in PBMCs obtained from hypersensitive patients carrying the HLA-B,5701 allele (median 123.86 compared with-30.83 for tolerant controls, P=0.

tuberculosis proteome for potential MHC class II-presented epitopes that could serve as targets for CD4(+) T-cell responses.

The involvement of HLA-class I in target cell lysis by CD4(+) cytolytic T cells (CTL) has been a controversial issue.

Antigen-specific CD8+ T cells in mice of this MHC haplotype primarily target peptides of the spike and membrane proteins, while the antigen-specific CD4+ T cells target peptides of the nucleocapsid, membrane, and spike proteins.

We are exploring immunotherapeutic options for metastatic uveal melanoma using MHC II uveal melanoma cell-based vaccines that target the activation of tumor-reactive CD4+ T cells.

These include major histocompatibility complex-I (MHC I) and (MHC II) present on antigen-presenting cells (APCs) and target cells, and CD4 and CD28 present on helper T cells.

We tested the ability of a novel two component adjuvant, CAF01, consisting of the immune stimulating synthetic glycolipid TDB (Trehalose-Dibehenate) incorporated into cationic DDA (Dimethyldioctadecylammonium bromide) liposomes to induce CD8(+) T-cell restricted cellular immune responses towards subdominant minimal HLA-A0201-restricted CTL epitopes from HIV-1 proteins in HLA-A,0201 transgenic HHD mice.

The naturally occurring non-Ser variant at position 9 of HIV-1 subtype C Nef has recently exhibited an association with enhanced HLA-B downregulation function and decreased susceptibility to recognition by CD8 T cells.

We also found that iNOS inhibition by AG decreased the KRV-induced expression of MHC class II molecules and IL-2R alpha-chain, resulting in the suppression of T cell activation, evidenced by the decreased cytolytic activity of CD8(+) T cells.

sMICA downregulated surface NKG2D in normal peripheral blood CD8(+) cells and decreased NK-mediated killing of MICA(+) NB cells.

In vivo, mAAQ was associated with increased expression of immune modulators PD-L1 (programmed death-ligand 1) and CD86 by myeloid DCs (mDCs) and decreased presentation of allopeptide+self-MHC complexes, along with increased PD-L1, on plasmacytoid DCs (pDCs).

Interestingly, Bm-L3 increased the expression of CD80 and CD86 across all DC subsets but decreased that of major histocompatibility complex class II (MHC-II) on mDCs and pDCs, resulting in their impaired antigen uptake and presentation capacities, but maximally attenuated the T-cell proliferation capacity of only mDCs.

Ad-specific CD8+ T cells were detected in PBMC from healthy adults at a mean frequency of 77 per 10 (5) CD8+ T cells (range 8-260) by interferon-gamma ELISPOT and cytokine flow cytometry assays.

HBc18-27-specific CD8 T cells (c18-27-CD8Ts) were detected at a significantly higher prevalence in patients with anti-HBe (6/18) than in those with HBeAg (1/17), and their frequency reached 0.28 % of the total CD8 T cells.

E75 peptide-specific CD8 T cells were detected directly in the peripheral blood of patients by staining with E75-HLA-A2 dimers and CD8 antibodies.

Most autoreactive CD8(+) T cells detected in recent-onset type 1 diabetic patients are specific for leader sequence peptides, notably PPI(6-14), whereas CD8(+) T cells in long-standing patients recognize the B-chain peptide PPI(33-42) (B(9-18)).

The WT1+CD8+ CTL and WT1+IFNgamma+ cells did not detected in all 14 donors, but WT1+CD8+ CTL cells in 2 patients and WT1+IFNgamma+ cells in 3 patients could be detected before transplantation respectively, there was no significant difference between them, while the WT1+CD8+ CTL cells and WT1+IFNgamma+ cells both could be detected in all 14 patients after transplantation, the positive detection rate after transplantation was obviously higher than that before transplantation.

The WT1+CD8+ and WT1+ IFNgamma+ cells could be detected within 30 days after transplantation, but the positive detection rate of WT1+IFNgamma+ cells was higher than that of WT1+CD8+ CTL cells (p=0.

CD8+ T cells against dominant and subdominant epitopes were detected upon infection of mice with live H7N3 virus, whereas immunization with non-replicating virus elicited CD8+ T cell responses against mostly immunodominant epitopes, which were rapidly recalled following infection with A/PR/8/34 virus.

In chronic hepatitis C, tetramer(+) CD8(+) T cells were detected at frequencies ranging from 0.05 % to 0.12 % of total CD8(+) T cells.

Similarly, single-agent treatment with FOLR1-TCB induced strong CD8+ T-cell infiltration in HeLa tumors, where 89 Zr-Df-IAB22M2C again was able to detect CD8 tumor infiltrates.

In addition, hypermethylation of CD8A was detected in the morbid ducklings, whereas relatively low methylation of CD8A was evident in the non-morbid ducklings.

Instead our data suggest that survivor cells are not inherently resistant to CD8+ T cell killing, but instead no longer present IAV antigen and cannot be detected by CD8+ T cells.

CD8+T cells were co-cultured with U87 cells to detect the CD8+T proliferation, cell cytotoxic activity, U87 cell activity, as well as IFN-γ and TGF-β1 levels.

Reduced intracellular IFN-γ and IL-2 production by HIV-specific CD8+ T cells was detected in both treated and untreated HIV+ patients, and multifunctional CD8+ T cells simultaneously producing these cytokines were not found in any patient.

As CD8 T cells recognize antigens in the context of class I major histocompatibility complex, the identification of an HLA class I association in HIV-associated psoriasis strengthens the argument for an important role for CD8 + T lymphocytes in the immunopathogenesis of psoriasis.

While our observations of CTL generation are consistent with the prior reports that have demonstrated that specific CD8(+) CTL could be generated which recognize PSA-derived epitopes by in vitro stimulation by one means or another, this observation that IFN-gamma-producing CD8(+) T cells are present in patients which are antigen experienced, and do not require in vitro stimulation, is novel and has major implications for prostate cancer vaccine preparation.

This study demonstrates the importance of CD8+ T-cells recognizing HTLV-1 Env-tetramers in HAM/TSP patients and carriers with autoimmune diseases, thereby suggesting that the diversity, frequency and repertoire of HTLV-1 Env-specific CD8+ T-cell clones may be related to the hyperimmune response in HAM/TSP and carriers with autoimmune diseases, although different immunological mechanisms may mediate the hyperimmunity in these conditions.

Further, several epitopes recognized by ECTV-reactive CD8+ T cells were not recognized by VACV-reactive CD8+ T cells, and vice versa.

The fraction (median value) of CD8 T cells recognizing individual EBV epitopes ranged from 0.5 to 2.5 % of CNS-infiltrating CD8 T cells.

Additionally, although CD8+ T cells in PsA have been recognized via flow cytometry as a source of IL-17A production, it is not clear whether CD8+ T cells secrete IL-17A under more physiologically relevant conditions in the context from PsA synovitis.

Of the EBV immune evasion mechanisms identified to date, none could explain why CD8(+) T cell responses to late lytic cycle genes are so infrequent and, when present recognize lytically infected target cells so poorly relative to CD8(+) T cells specific for early lytic cycle antigens.

This study identifies two KSHV CD8 epitopes derived from late-lytic antigens that are recognized by KSHV-seropositive, HIV co-infected individuals, and will be useful in future immunological studies into the CD8 response against KSHV in similar patient cohorts.

Thus, how CD8(+) T cells contribute to overall immunity to tuberculosis and whether antigens recognized by CD8(+) T cells would enhance the efficacy of vaccine strategies continue to be important questions.

A significant γ-interferon CTL response was detected in peripheral blood mononuclear cells of 13/31 DLBCL patients following short-term cell stimulation with two novel HLA-A⁎0201 peptides and one previously reported HLA-A⁎0101-restricted nine-mer Sp17 peptide.

The content of major histocompatibility complex (MHC) I on T2 cells and the expression of immune molecules on dendritic cells (DC) were detected by flow cytometry, and the concentrations of interleukin (IL)-12 and interferon-gamma were determined by ELISA.

Thus, while stimulation with prostratin restricts susceptibility of primary resting CD4(+) T cells to HIV infection at the virus cell-entry level and at the reverse transcription level, it efficiently reactivates HIV-1 from pre- and postintegration latency in resting CD4(+) T cells.

The plasma viral load, which varied inversely with CD4%, was similar in HIV-1 singly and dually infected patients, but was significantly higher in HIV-1 than in HIV-2 singly infected patients, except in those with a CD4% less than 14 %.

HIV-2 plasma viral load in dually infected patients did not vary significantly with CD4%, but was significantly lower than in HIV-2 singly infected patients with CD4% less than 14 %.

To determine whether this exclusion might lead to ongoing replication, target CD4+ T cell infected CD4+ T cell, free virus, and intracellular IC50 values of anti-retroviral drugs were incorporated into the model.

In vitro infection assays showed transitional memory (TM) and effector memory (EM) CD4+ T cells were more frequently infected (median: 46 % and 25 % of total infected CD4+ T cells respectively) than naïve, stem cell memory, central memory and terminally differentiated cells.

Although it was CD4 independent, the 92 US143-T8 isolate also maintained the ability to infect CD4+ cells.

In this study we show that activation of the CD4 or CCR5 receptor by R5 HIVenv causes a caspase 8-dependent death of both uninfected and infected CD4 T cells.

HIV-1 use CD4 receptors to infect their primary targets, CD4+ cells, whereas CD8+ cells have a protective role against HIV-1.

In contrast to the decline in CD4(+) T cell counts in individuals infected with human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), the decline in CD4(+) T cell counts in SMs naturally infected with SIV over a 5-year period was not predicted by either plasma viremia or levels of T-cell activation.

CD4+ CTLs clones specific for HIV-1 Nef and Gag are capable of killing HIV-1 infected CD4+ T cells and macrophages.

After an initial depletion of bystander CD4+ memory T cells during acute infection, latently or chronically infected CD4+ T lymphocytes are progressively selected and are protected against spontaneous apoptosis through the development of an efficient survival program.

Replication-competent virus was recovered from pooled resting CD4⁺ T cells in 7 of 16 mice, with a median frequency of 8 (range, 2 to 12) infected cells per million T cells, demonstrating that HIV-1 infection can persist despite ART in the resting CD4⁺ T cell reservoir of hu-Rag2⁻/⁻ γ(c) ⁻/⁻ mice.

Il-27ra-/- CD4+ T cells in the infected recipient mice did not produce IL-10, indicating that IL-10 production by primed CD4+ T cells is IL-27 dependent.

In this study, we co-cultured mice CD4+ T cells with Leishmania donovani infected and uninfected macrophage for the identification of dysregulated miRNAs in CD4+ T cells by next-generation sequencing.

While we and others have previously shown that CD4(+) T cells from ES can be infected by HIV-1 isolates in vitro, these studies were confounded by exogenous activation and in vitro culture of CD4(+) T cells prior to infection.

CMV-specific CD4+ T cells, which are less frequently infected than HIV-specific CD4+ T cells, are a model for such an effect.

Within 48 h post inoculation, however, virus harbored by CD4 negative TERT-2 cells trans infected co-cultured peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) or MOLT4 cells (CD4+ CCR5+) by direct cell-to-cell transfer or by releasing low levels of infectious virions.

More importantly, we observed 2 distinct cell tropism phenotypes for pseudoviruses carrying monocyte-derived envelopes: (1) monocyte-derived, macrophage-specific R5 (MDMS-R5) virus that, using CCR5 only, could infect monocyte-derived macrophages (MDMs) but not CD4(+) T cells and (2) dual tropic virus that infected both MDMs and primary CD4(+) T cells.

Despite such limited CD4 and CCR5 expression, lymphoid tissue pDC were infected to a degree similar to that seen with CD4(+) T cells in both MAC and AGM.

SIVmac239 with N173Q mediated CD4-independent cell-cell fusion but could not infect CD4-negative cells in single-round infections.

This new assay utilizes bead and column-based purification of resting CD4(+) T cells from the peripheral blood of HIV-1 infected patients rather than cell sorting to obtain comparable resting CD4(+) T cell purity.

The skewed repartition of resting CD4 subsets influenced their contribution to the pool of resting infected CD4+T cells, two thirds of which consisted of short-lived TTM and TEM subsets, whereas long-lived TN and TCM subsets contributed the balance.

IMPORTANCE In people living with HIV (PLWH) on suppressive ART, latent HIV can be found in a diverse range of CD4+ T cells, including quiescent naive and central memory cells that are typically difficult to infect in vitro It is currently unclear how latency is established in these cells in vivo We show that in CD4+ T cells from PLWH on suppressive ART, the use of the coreceptor CXCR4 was prevalent among viruses amplified from naive and central memory CD4+ T cells.

To quantify SHIV-#64 and-KS661 infection dynamics in Rhesus macaques, we developed a novel approach and analyzed total CD4+ T cells and viral load in peripheral blood, and reproduced the expected dynamics for the uninfected and infected CD4+ T cells in silico.

In a different model where myeloid dendritic cells (mDC) were co-cultured with resting CD4+ T-cells, we observed a higher frequency of latently infected cells in vitro than CCL19-treated or unstimulated CD4+ T-cells in the presence of low dose IL-2.

Taken together, these results indicate that CD4+ cells infected with R5 virus isolates may have a selective advantage over X4 virus-infected CD4+ T cells for survival and, hence, virus spread.

Since this mechanism could potentially allow CD4+/CXCR4-null cells to become infected by T-tropic HIV, we incubated several human CD4+/CXCR4-null cells such as normal erythroblasts, glioblastomas U87, MAGI and hematopoietic cell lines UT-7, HEL and TF-1 with PMP or MegaMP.

We present evidence of the down-regulation of CXCR4 membrane expression in CD4-positive or-negative cells chronically infected with the HIV-1 m7NDK, a phenomenon which is not observed in the CD4-dependent HIV-1 NDK parental strain.

We demonstrated previously that CD45RA(+) CD4(+) T cells are infected primarily by syncytium-inducing (SI) HIV-1 variants, whereas CD45RO(+) CD4(+) T cells harbor both non-SI (NSI) and SI HIV-1 variants.

Although HIV-2 and SIV strains also use CD4, several laboratory-adapted HIV-2 strains infect cells without CD4, via an interaction with the coreceptor CXCR4.

CD4-independent HIV-2 strains that could use both CCR5 and CXCR4 to infect CD4(+) cells were only able to use one of these receptors in the absence of CD4.

FP-21399 is a novel compound of the bis(disulfonaphthalene) dimethoxybenzene class that blocks entry of HIV into CD4+ cells and blocks fusion of infected and noninfected CD4+ cells.

These conclusions were based on studies with a panel of HeLa-CD4 cell clones that differ in CD4 levels over a broad range, with laboratory-adapted viruses infecting all clones with equal efficiencies and primary T-cell-tropic viruses infecting the clones in proportion to cellular CD4 levels.

As reported previously, unrelated LA and PR T-cell-tropic HIV-1 isolates differ in infectivities for the HeLa-CD4 clonal panel, with LA viruses infecting all clones equally and PR viruses infecting the clones in proportion to cellular CD4 quantities (D.

We conclude that T-cell-tropic PR viruses bind weakly to CD4 and preferentially infect cells that coexpress CXCR-4 and large amounts of CD4.

Their laboratory adaptation involves corresponding increases in affinities for CD4 and in abilities to infect cells that have relatively little CD4.

In contrast, macrophage-tropic HIV-1 appears to interact weakly with CD4 although it can infect cells that coexpress CCR-5 and small quantities of CD4.

To determine whether CCL2 alters HIV-1 infection of resting CD4(+) T cells, we infected purified resting CD4(+) T cells after incubation with CCL2.

This analysis indicates that up to 80 % of CD4 T cells are infected at peak viremia and that the proportion of CD4 T cells destroyed is correlated with the peak viral load.

To explore the utility of NOD scid gamma (NSG) mice as an in vivo model to reactivate HIV-1 proviruses from VOA-negative CD4+ T cells, resting CD4+ T cells from an HIV-1 latently infected individual were isolated and the human CD4+ T cells corresponding to VOA-positive and VOA-negative CD4+ T cells were engrafted into NSG mice.

Latently infected cells are very infrequent in CD4+ T cells from antiretroviral (ARV) treated individuals, with only approximately one in a million infected CD4+ T cells in blood.

In contrast, infection of unfractionated PBLs (containing CD8+ as well as CD4+ lymphocytes) with these isolates always resulted in death of the infected CD4+ T lymphocytes.

While the parent Jurkat cells, those transfected with vector alone, and those transfected with CD44E could be productively infected with only the lymphocytotropic strain HIV-1-LAI, cells transfected with CD44S were rendered susceptible to productive infection with the monocytotropic strains HIV-1-BaL and HIV-1-ADA.

Compared with patient X4 viruses, the gp120-gp41 complexes of LA viruses have a constellation of common properties including enhanced affinities for CD4, greater sensitivities to inactivations by diverse antibodies and by soluble CD4, increased shedding of gp120, and improved abilities to infect HeLa-CD4 cell clones that contain only trace quantities of CD4.

We propose that PD-1 blockade therapies have antitumor effects on MHC-II-expressing tumors such as cHL that are mediated by cytotoxic CD4+ T cells and that LAG-3 could be a candidate for combination therapy with PD-1 blockade.

CD4 T cells can differentiate into multiple effector subsets, including ThCTL that mediate MHC class II-restricted cytotoxicity.

Recent reports identified an essential role of Lck in associating with CD4 and CD8 coreceptors and mediating the requirement for MHC restriction in TCR recognition.

TLR-7 and TLR-9 ligands had the most effective adjuvant like effect on MHC-II of APCs which allowed BCG vaccine mediated activation of CD4 T cells.

Measurements indicated that T cell response upon stimulation was associated with IFNγ-induced major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class II up-regulation on hepatocytes and mediated by CD4+ T cells.

Our investigation shows that PPM provided enhancement of uptake, probably by exploiting the caveolin-mediated endocytosis pathway, endosomal processing, and MHC II presentation to immunopotentiate Chlamydia-specific immune effector responses mediated by CD4+ T cells.

In CD4+ T cells, both TCRs mediated activity against MART-1 presented by HLA-A2.

HLA-DM is essential for editing peptides bound to MHC class II, thus influencing the repertoire of peptides mediating selection and activation of CD4(+) T cells.

Using an in vivo model of CD4+ T-cell mediated immunity against MHC II negative myeloma cells, bystander killing of AgNEG cells was ineffective due to strict spatial constraints of Th1-induced TAM cytotoxicity.

We derived CD4+ T cell lines (STLs) from the human skin graft of immunized mice, showing that STLs mediated an MHC class II-restricted cytolytic activity directed against HIV-LAIgp160 Ags.

Our work aimed to first establish the dynamics and clinical relevance of CD4:CD8 ratio in a cohort of native Africans and then to examine its association with viral and host factors, including: (i) length of infection, (ii) demographics, (iii) HIV-1 viral load (VL), (iv) change in CD4(+) T-lymphocyte count (CD4 slope), (v) HIV-1 subtype, and (vi) host genetics, especially human leukocyte antigen (HLA) variants.

Nevertheless, ablation of CD4+ T-cells alone does not offer the same protection in the adult heart after myocardial infarction, suggesting a developmental change of immune cells including CD4+ T-cells in the regulation of age-related mammalian heart repair.

Commonly used single summary measures, such as viral load set point or early CD4 count, do not explicitly account for changes in viral load or CD4 counts or other features of the overall time course of these measures.

Treatment effects are modelled by positing recoveries in square root of CD4 level proportional to current immuno-competence and changes in slope proportional to current rate of square root of CD4 loss.

Changes in gene expression did not correlate with CD4+ T cell recovery or any changes in the CD4+ T cell maturation, proliferation and activation phenotypes.

Because these cells constitute only a small fraction of CD4+ T cells, their depletion does not substantially change the total CD4+ T-cell count.

Comparing CD4 count change among 4 study groups showed that only CD4 change between Selenium-Levamisole group and control group was significant.

Collectively, these data suggest that increased susceptibility to TB disease could be related to a loss of circulating Th1, CD4+ T cells rather than major changes in the number or function of circulating CD4+ T cells.

We observed several differences between T cell-tropic and macrophage-tropic Env proteins, including functional differences with host CD4 receptor engagement and possible changes in the CD4 binding site and V1/V2 region.

CD4 independence and neutralization sensitivity were both conferred by Env amino acid changes E84K and D470N that arose independently in multiple animals, with the latter introducing a potential N-linked glycosylation site within a predicted CD4-binding pocket of gp120.

In the absence of this constraint and with a relative paucity of CD4(+) target cells, widespread macrophage infection occurs in vivo accompanied by emergence of variants carrying structural changes that enable entry independently of CD4.

Prolonged ART recovered the CD4+ Tscm cells, and the dynamic change of CD4+ Tscm cells was in parallel with CD4+ T cell restoration and a decrease in the level of T cell immune activation.

Considering neutralization sensitivity of these isolates, newly infected macaques often harbored virus populations with a CD4-independent-HIGH and neutralization sensitive phenotype that changed to a CD4-independent-LOW and neutralization resistant virus population in the course of infection.

The expression of CXCR4 and LFA-1 on CD4(+) T lymphocytes didn\t change markedly during rhG-CSF mobilization, but the adhesive activity of CD4(+) T cells to ICAM-1 was frustrated after that.

CD4 changes over time were modeled using fold changes for CD4 absolute counts and differences for CD4 percentages.

Group 2 presented significantly higher CD8+ T cells infiltration than group 1, but no changes in CD4+ T cells (immunohistochemistry and flow cytometry).

In contrast, CTL responses were associated with a partial activation of neonatal CD11c(+) DC, reflected by the up-regulation of CD80 and CD86 expression but no concurrent changes in MHC class II or CD40 expression.

Potential MHC-I-restricted Aβ-derived epitopes were first analyzed for their capacity to recruit functional CD8(+) T cell responses in mouse models.

This effect was lost in CD8(-/-) and CCR2(-/-) mice and when mice were treated with β(2)-microglobulin-deficient GIFT-21 DCs, indicating that GIFT-21 DCs migrated to and sampled from the tumors to present tumor Ags to CCL2 recruited CD8(+) T cells via MHC class I.

Confocal fluorescence microscopy and fluorescence resonance energy transfer flow cytometry demonstrate CD8 is recruited to the site of TCR:peptide MHC binding.

We show that natural infection induces dengue-specific CD8(+) T lymphocytes that are highly activated and proliferating, exhibit antiviral effector functions, and express CXCR3, CCR5, and the skin-homing marker cutaneous lymphocyte-associated antigen (CLA).

This work indicates that, in the host absence of CCR5, naive B-1 cells may activate CD8T lymphocytes thereby promoting tumor resistance.

Following hepatic expression of cognate HCV antigen using a previously described liver transfection method, we show that this pool of vaccine-induced HCV-specific CD8⁺ T cells retained its ability to become highly activated as shown by the upregulation of IFN-γ and CCR5 expression, as well as by the clearance of HCV NS3 expressing hepatocytes.

Leukocytosis was decreased in infected ccl3-/- mice, paralleling the accumulation of CD8+ T cells devoid of activated CCR5+ LFA-1+ cells in the spleen.

CCR5 was more prominently expressed on activated CD4(+) than CD8(+) T cells in the spleens of allograft wild-type recipients and on CD4(+) T cells infiltrating the cardiac allografts.

CCR5 chemokine ligands, released from activated CD8(+) T-cells, contribute to the antiviral activity of these cells.

Expression of CD69, TNF-R1, Fas, FasL, bcl-2, and bax was investigated in 41 MS patients and 12 healthy controls by flow cytometry in CD4+ and CD8+ T cells expressing CCR5 and CXCR3.

By contrast, lymphoid aggregates in Crohn\s disease and lymphoid follicles in the normal intestinal mucosa were characterized by abundant B cells, a predominance of CD4+ T cells over CD8+ T cells, and low frequencies of cells expressing CCR5 or CXCR3.

CCR5, CXCR3, and CXCR6 were expressed on intrahepatic CD4+ and CD8+ T cells, natural killer (NK) T cells, NK cells, and B cells at significantly higher frequencies than on peripheral lymphocyte subsets.

In addition, CCR5 is expressed on 3-- 10 % of CD4 and 10-- 40 % of CD8-positive T cells and is weakly detectable on monocytes.

The CCR5 ligands RANTES (regulated on activation, normal T cell expressed and secreted), macrophage inflammatory protein 1 alpha (MIP-1alpha), and MIP-1beta are HIV-1 suppressive factors secreted by CD8+ cells that inhibit NSI viruses.

Furthermore, the presence of CCL5 and CXCL10 in the cytolytic granules of tissue-infiltrating CD8(+) T cells expressing CCR5 and CXCR3 reveals a potential self-recruiting mechanism involving activated effector cytotoxic T cells.

The addition of IL-2 or IL-15, but not IL-7, significantly inhibited caspase activation, increased Bcl-2 expression, and rapidly initiated proliferation in vitro of CD8(+) T cells expressing CCR5 and multiple TCRBV subfamilies.

Because the chemokine receptor CCR5 is expressed on Th1 CD4(+) cells, it is important to investigate the expression and function of this receptor on other T cells involved in Th1 immune responses, such as Ag-specific CD8(+) T cells, which to date have been only partially characterized.

Multicolor flow cytometry analysis demonstrated that CCR5 is expressed on memory (CD28+CD45RA-) and effector (CD28-CD45RA- and CD28-CD45RA+) CD8+ T cells but not on naive (CD28+CD45RA+) CD8+ T cells.

Conversely, the expansion of CD8(+) T cells, and specifically those expressing the CCR5 chemokine receptor, above and beyond the levels observed in senescence, points to the involvement of adaptive immune pathways.

In a prospective study of 128 human immunodeficiency virus-infected patients with cryptococcal meningitis who received antifungal therapy followed by cART, we examined the proportions of CD4(+) and CD8(+) T cells expressing CCR5 and/or CXCR3, in CSF and whole blood and the concentrations of CXCL10, CCL2, and CCL3 in stored CSF and plasma.

For CpG, this recruitment was associated with a higher proportion of GM-localized CD8 T cells expressing both CCR5 and CXCR3 chemokine receptors and E-selectin ligands.

In the acute DENV-infection, T-helper/T-cytotoxic type-1 cell (Th1/Tc1)-related CCR5 is significantly higher expressed on both CD4 and CD8 T cells.

The majority of activated CD8 T cells expressed CXCR3, with one subset additionally expressing P-selectin ligand, and another subset additionally expressing CCR3, CCR4, CCR5, CCR6, and CCR9.

CCR5 was positively expressed by CD4+ and CD8+ T cells in all 100 HIV cases and by regulatory T cells in 89 of 95 cases evaluated, while expression was negative in most CD4+ and regulatory T cells of normal controls.

In spleen of ccl3+/+ NI controls, most of the CD8+ T-cells expressing the CCL3 receptors CCR1 or CCR5 were IL-10+, while in infected mice these cells were mainly TNF+.

Compared to asymptomatic individuals, we found increased percentages of effector CD4+ T cells and central memory CD4+ and CD8+ T cells expressing CCR5 in patients with structural cardiopathy, but normal global ventricular function and no symptoms of chronic heart failure.

A majority of circulating MAIT cells expressed the chemokine receptors CCR5 and CCR6, and most also expressed CD8 and CD45RO.

Administration of DMPA increased the percentages of CD4+ and CD8+ T cells expressing CCR5 in the endocervix but not in the peripheral blood.

Relative to peripheral blood, the liver was enriched with CD8+ T cells expressing CCR2, CCR5, CXCR3, and CXCR6 either singly or in combinations.

The majority of HIV-specific CD8(+) T cells in CSF were effector memory cells expressing CCR5.

Percentages of CD3(+) CD8(-) cells expressing CXCR3, CCR4 and CCR5 were visibly higher (not significantly) in chronic mild-to-moderate asthma than in healthy controls and severe asthmatics.

We detected expression of HBZ mRNA (spliced isoform) in both Tax-expressing and non-expressing infected cells, and the HBZ26-34 epitope was processed and presented by cells transfected with an HBZ expression plasmid.

Humanized mice infected with SIVcpz strain MB897, a virus phylogenetically similar to pandemic HIV-1, exhibited a peak viral load comparable to that of mice infected with pandemic HIV-1, while peak viral loads of mice infected with SIVcpz strain EK505 or MT145 as well as nonpandemic HIV-1 strains were significantly lower.

In a multivariate model, higher CD4 cell count, lower viral load, and higher natural killer cell counts were significantly associated with CCR5 usage.

The lower HIV susceptibility of ALVAC-specific CD4 T cells was associated with the reduced surface expression of HIV entry co-receptors CCR5 and CXCR4 on these cells.

ANXA1 expression in peripheral blood was positively correlated with HLA-DR+CD4+ and CD8+ T-cell frequencies, and negatively associated with the expression of pro-inflammatory cytokines and CCR5.

Here, we provide evidence that CD4 is specifically associated with CCR5 in the absence of gp120 or any other receptor-specific ligand.

Rapid depletion of CD4+ T-lymphocytes has been associated with a switch in viral coreceptor usage from CCR5 to CXCR4 in approximately 40 to 50 % of infected individuals.

Central nervous system (CNS) expression of the chemokine receptor CCR5 and its ligand CCL5 was prominently up-regulated by WNV, and this was associated with CNS infiltration of CD4+ and CD8+ T cells, NK1.

Herein we investigated the expression of Th1 (CCR5, CXCR3, and CCR2) and Th2 (CCR4, CCR3, and CCR8)-associated chemokine receptors on CD4 and CD8 T-cell populations.

CCR5 promoter haplotype HHC was significantly associated with higher CD4 counts in patients.

Moreover, enhanced inflammation in the absence of CCR5 was associated with impaired recruitment of CD4+/foxp3+ regulatory T cells (Tregs).

CCR5 inhibitors were not associated with significant gains in CD4 cell counts (P=0.

The Δ32 CCR5 allele is associated with a reduction of the risk of all-cause mortality in HIV (+) patients alongside clinical and immunologic predictors such as AIDS, history of cART, lymphocyte CD4 cell count and gender.

CCR5-Δ32 was associated with a reduction in the risk for CD4+ T-cell depletion and with an increased risk for death after AIDS diagnosis.

CCR5 antagonists are associated with robust CD4+ T-cell responses.

Use of a CCR5 antagonist was associated with an enhanced CD4+ T-cell count response independent of virologic suppression.

Replication capacity of HIV-1 viral CCR5-tropic isolates in monocyte-derived dendritic cells-peripheral blood lymphocytes cocultures was linearly associated with the plasma viral RNA levels in a cohort of HIV-1-infected individuals exhibiting an inverse relationship between plasma viral RNA and CD4 cell count.

Elements of the CCR5 binding site associated with the V3 region and the CD4-induced (CD4i) epitope cluster in the gp120 bridging sheet are more exposed on the native Env complex of CC101.

The CCR5 antagonist, maraviroc (MVC)  is associated with an enhanced CD4+ T-cell response independent of virological suppression.

The CCR5 antagonist, maraviroc (MVC), is associated with an enhanced CD4+ T-cell response independent of virological suppression.

Although both C-C chemokine receptor 5 (CCR5)-and CXC chemokine receptor 4 (CXCR4)-using HIV-1 strains cause AIDS, the emergence of CXCR4-utilizing variants is associated with an accelerated decline in CD4+ T cells.

In HIV-1-infected individuals, high percentages of CCR5-expressing cells were associated with low CD4+ T cell numbers (p = 0.001), high viral RNA load in serum (p = 0.046), and low T cell function (p = 0.054).

Conversely, broadening chemokine receptor usage from CCR5 to both CCR5 and CXCR4 was associated with infection by a virus having a syncytium-inducing phenotype and correlated with a faster rate of CD4 T-cell decline and progression of disease.

Furthermore, CD4(+) T-cells were activated with carbamazepine in a HLA-DRB1,04:04-restricted manner, indicating that a common HLA haplotype may contribute to the multiclonal T-cell response seen in European patients with CBZ hypersensitivity.

The CD8α(Neg) DC subset is specialized for MHC class II antigen presentation and is centrally involved in priming CD4 T cells.

Dog leukocyte antigen (DLA) class II genes encode major histocompatibility complex (MHC) molecules that are involved in antigen presentation to CD4(+) T cells.

Class II major histocompatibility complex (MHC) proteins are involved in initiation of immune responses to foreign antigens via presentation of peptides to receptors of CD4(+) T-cells.

The principal MHC class II molecules involved in the presentation of peptides to the antigen specific receptors on CD4+ T cells genes in sheep are derived from DR and DQ genes.

Genetic predispositions center around the major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class II loci involved in antigen presentation, the key determinant of CD4+ T cell activation.

Allergen presentation by Th2 cells through its interaction with their receptors in the presence of major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class II on B cells and through costimulation involving CD40 and CD40L interactions results in immunoglobulin class switching from IgM to IgE.

Based on the hypothesis that CD4+ depletion and the recovery process in HIV-infected subjects are under the control of specific common genetic pathways, they evaluated the associations of genetic variations, such as CCR5 genotype, CCL3L1 copy number variation and HLA alleles, with the sensitivity to HAART in two cohorts from the USA.

In HIV-infected Hu-PBL mice, treatment with anti-CCR5 (viral coreceptor) and antiviral siRNAs complexed to scFvCD7-9R controlled viral replication and prevented the disease-associated CD4 T cell loss.

CD8 cell-mediated immune responses were detected by interferon-gamma ELISpot assay.

To address these disadvantages, we have used an interferon-gamma (IFN-gamma) Elispot assay for detecting peptide-specific CD8(+) lymphocytes in PBMC.

A Mane-A,10/KP9 tetramer was then developed to quantify CD8(+) T lymphocytes primed by multigenic DNA vaccination, which have previously been difficult to detect using standard interferon-gamma-based T cell assays.

However, existing strategies utilizing RNA or long peptides for the neoantigen vaccines render limited immune responses since only 20-30 % of neoantigens predicted in silico to bind MHC I molecules are capable of eliciting immune responses with the majority of responding T cells are CD4+.

We found that in normal human skin IL-17-producing CD4+ TRM cells that responded to C albicans in an MHC class II-restricted fashion could be identified readily.

Thus, while CD4+ T cell help is important to CD8+ T cell responses, CD8+ T cells can interact directly with naïve CD4+ T cells impacting their recruitment and differentiation.

Cytotoxic lymphocytes (CD8+ T cells and NK cells) control HCMV infection by releasing interferon-γ and five granzymes (GrA, GrB, GrH, GrK, GrM), which are believed to kill infected host cells through cleavage of intracellular death substrates.

However, findings in the B27-transgenic animal models, together with the identification of unusual processing and presentation features of HLA-B27 have raised alternative hypotheses for the pathogenic role of HLA-B27.

However, findings in the B27-transgenic animal models, together with the identification of unusual processing and presentation features of HLA-B27, have raised alternative hypotheses for the pathogenic role of HLA-B27.

Recently, soluble MICA/B were reported to appear even in some premalignant diseases raising questions about the impact of soluble MICA/B produced from tumors on the expression of NKG2D.

The frequencies of HLA-A,02 and-B,27 were significantly raised in recurrent patients, and ones of HLA-A,02,-A,03 and-B,27 similarly in patients without a positive family history.

These findings strongly imply that differences among HLA-DRB1,15 haplotypes will furnish the basis for MHC-associated susceptibility in MS and raise the possibility that the MHC haplotype is the fundamental unit of genetic control of immune response.

We previously showed that IL-2R is expressed in common clusters with major histocompatibility complex (MHC) glycoproteins in lipid rafts of human T lymphoma cells, which raised the question about what the relationship between clusters of IL-2R/MHC and IL-9R is.

A rat polyclonal anti-ovine major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class II antigen (Ag) serum raised to immunopurified MHC class II Ag, but not preimmune serum, blocked the interaction of visna virus with these polypeptides.

The human major histocompatibility complex class I chain-related gene A (MICA) controls the immune process by balancing activities of \240\natural killer cells, γδ T cells and αβ CD8 T cells, and immunosuppressive CD4 T cells.

Responses to HLA-A,0201 restricted peptide from the influenza matrix protein were found in six chagasic patients and four uninfected controls with an average frequency of 175 and 111 cells per million CD8+ T cells, respectively.

In all vertebrate animals, CD8(+) cytotoxic T lymphocytes (CTLs) are controlled by major histocompatibility complex class I (MHC-I) molecules.

In order to better define the mechanisms of the HLA-B 2705 immune control of HIV, we first characterized the CD8(+) T-cell responses of nine highly active antiretroviral therapy (HAART)-naïve B 2705-positive subjects.

These data are consistent with previous studies indicating an important role for the B 2705-Gag KK10 response in the control of HIV but also suggest a previously unrecognized role played by the subdominant Pol-specific KY9 response in HLA-B 2705-mediated control of HIV and that the recognition of HIV-infected cells by CD8(+) T cells early in the viral life cycle may be important for viral containment in HIV-infected individuals.

Genome-wide association studies of this highly genetic disease have implicated specific immune pathways, including the interleukin (IL)-17/IL-23 pathway, control of nuclear factor kappa B (NF-κB) activation, amino acid trimming for major histocompatibility complex (MHC) antigen presentation, and other genes controlling CD8 and CD4 T cell subsets.

Using a murine breast tumor line, we showed that MHCII-expressing tumors grew more slowly than controls and recruited more functional CD4+ and CD8+ T cells.

We demonstrate how differential peripheral CD8(+) T cell tolerance mechanisms are controlled by both the potency and density of MHC class I-peptide tolerogen.

The association between particular major histocompatibility complex class I (MHC-I) alleles and control of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) and simian immunodeficiency virus (SIV) replication implies that certain CD8(+) T-lymphocyte (CD8-TL) responses are better able than others to control viral replication in vivo.

The presence of certain MHC class I alleles is correlated with remarkable control of HIV and SIV, indicating that specific CD8 T cell responses can effectively reduce viral replication.

Additional analysis of TCR on HLA-CW3 immune populations by flow cytometry and polymerase chain reaction further indicates that the vast majority of responding CD8+ cells express restricted V alpha domains, a dominant J alpha segment (pHDS58), and a conserved CDR3 length for both alpha and beta chains.

Except PBMCs, Th2 and CD8+ T cells, the expression levels of the key enzymes involved in glycolysis and HIF-1α were significantly higher in B cells, DCs, Tregs, CD4+CD25-T cells, and Th1 and Th17 cells in MG patients, and the measurement of ECAR and OCR confirmed the metabolic status.

Engineered cancer-specific CD4+ T cells may contribute to protective immunity by a direct pathway involving cancer cell killing, and by an indirect pathway that boosts the function, persistence and memory formation of CD8+ T cells.

Yet, dissecting age and infectious history of the patients revealed that while CD8+ T-cell differentiation seems to be triggered by development, CD4+ T-cell functionality is partly impaired by infections.

In contrast, the apoptosis of CD8(+) T cells was triggered by a soluble factor(s) secreted by CD4(+) T cells.

These results suggest that the induction of autoreactive CD4+ T cells triggers an opposing mobilization of regulatory CD8+ T cells.

The murine cytomegalovirus immunoevasin m152/gp40 binds major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class I molecules and retains them in the early secretory pathway by a previously unknown mechanism, preventing antigen presentation to CD8+ T\240\cells.

Using mass cytometry together with multiplex MHC class I tetramer staining, we are able to screen more than 1000 different antigen candidates simultaneously across tissues in health and disease, while retaining the possibility to deliver an in-depth characterization of antigen-specific CD8+ T cells and associated phenotypes.

We provide evidence that epitopes known to escape from chronic CD8 T cell responses in animals that are homozygous for a set of MHC alleles are preserved and retain immunogenicity in a host that is heterozygous for the same MHC alleles.

Using MHC-homozygous and-heterozygous Mauritian cynomolgus macaques, we have now obtained evidence that epitopes known to escape from chronic CD8 T cell responses in animals that are MHC homozygous are preserved and retain immunogenicity in a host that is heterozygous for the same MHC alleles.

Peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) from 15 healthy HLA-B,15:02 carriers were isolated to investigate the role of Tregs in controlling the immune response towards CBZ.

We examined whether KIR genes act in concert with HLA-B locus to control HIV-1 infection in a sample of Zambian patients.

DCs from B27-transgenic or control rats (transgenic for HLA-B7 or nontransgenic) were cocultured with control CD4+ T cells and stimulated with anti-T cell receptor α/β.

The recipient mice then either received saline (negative control), unsorted MHC-mismatched PBMC (positive control), PBMC enriched with CD4(+) CD25(high) cells or PBMC depleted of CD4(+) CD25(high) cells for reconstitution.

The study of MHC-II alleles in macaques that control viral replication could improve our understanding of the role of CD4(+) T cells in suppressing HIV/SIV replication and further our understanding of HIV vaccine design.

Specifically, relatively low viral load (VL) in HLA-B,57-positive subjects (P ≤ 0.03 in various models) did not translate to early advantage in CD4(+) T-cell (CD4) counts (P ≥ 0.37).

Indeed, we have recently showed that CD4(+) T cell interaction with gp120 induces recruitment and phosphorylation of signaling molecules associated with the TCR signalosome including Lck, CD3ζ, ZAP70, LAT, SLP-76, Itk, and PLCγ(15).

Maternal prenatal CD4 T-cell count was inversely associated with BMI z-score among HEU adolescents (r =-0.47, P = 0.01).

This NTZ effect is associated with downregulation of HIV-1 receptors CD4 and CCR5, and increasing gene expression of host cell anti-HIV resistance factors APOBEC3A/3G and tetherin.

Frequency of Tax-specific CD8+ T cells in AC was related to proviral load in HLA-A,0201.

In the adult cohort, primarily CD8+ T-cell responses related to MHC class I alleles were noted.

The time-dependent expression of CD4, CD8 and endoglin was more strongly related to formation of the CL, whereas MHCII was induced during luteolysis.

One of the mostly occurring tumor-derived soluble NKG2D ligands, the soluble MHC I chain related molecule (sMIC) can impair co-stimulation to CD8 T cells.

Taken together, these findings indicated that MHC-I could evoke CIBP by promoting apoptosis of GABAergic interneurons in the dorsal horn, and this apoptosis was closely related to local CD8+ T cells.

We measured CD8 T-cell responses against HIV-1 utilizing overlapping 15-mer peptides spanning the HIV-1 consensus clade B Gag protein and tested NK cell degranulation and cytokine secretion against tumor target cells following interferon-α (IFNα) stimulation.

CD8+ T cells activity was evaluated by investigation of cytotoxic molecules target cell death, and interferon-γ (IFN-γ) secretion.

Specific CD8(+) T cells actively find infected hepatocytes and target intra-cellular parasites through mechanisms that are both interferon-γ-dependent and-independent.

Since IL-12 and interferon-γ are the major T helper (Th) 1 cytokines, increased expression of interferon regulatory factor 4, IL-4, IL-10 and IL-13 promoted the differentiation of naïve CD4+ T cells into Th2 cells.

MHC class I antigens (HLA-ABC and beta 2 microglobulin) were constitutively expressed but not significantly enhanced by interferon-gamma (IFN-gamma).

Among T lymphocytes, CD8(+) cells are preferentially depleted in accordance with their preferential infection: the probability that a CD8(+) T cell will be productively infected is almost six times higher than for a CD4(+) T cell.

We observed CD8(+)-cell noncytotoxic inhibition of HIV replication in acutely infected CD4(+) cells in the vast majority of individuals most recently exposed to the virus (within 1 year).

Homologous CD8 cells were mixed with infected CD4 cells to evaluate their role in virus suppression.

These allo-antigen stimulated CD8+ T-cells suppressed HIV-1 replication in acutely infected autologous CD4+ T-cells when directly co-cultured.

We use the same MDC1 for ex-vivo generation of autologous HIV-1 antigen-specific CD8+ cytotoxic T cells (CTL) and test their effector responses against the MDC1-exposed HIV-1- infected CD4+ T cell targets.

There is increasing evidence that a wider range of lymphoid cell types other than CD4(+) T helper lymphocytes are infected with HIV-1 in vivo, including CD8 lymphocytes, natural killer cells, and reticulodendritic cells.

A precipitous decline in CD4(+) NKT cells occurred in all six macaques infected with CXCR4-tropic SHIV(mn229) early after infection, with a concomitant rise in CD8(+) NKT cells in some animals.

We sought to determine whether MICA expression in human corneal epithelium (HCE) could affect the cytotoxicity mediated by NK cells or CD8+T cells.

An elegant body of basic science has evolved, which supports and complements the clinical research in suggesting that AHS is specifically and exquisitely restricted by HLA-B,5701 and mediated by CD8+ lymphocytes.

Cytotoxic CD8+ T cells mediate cellular immunity through recognition of specific antigens presented by MHC class I on all nucleated cells.

These responses are MHC class I restricted and are mediated by CD8-positive cells.

Functionally, CD8+low(CD57+) cells exhibit NK activity, while CD8+high(CD57+) T-cells from healthy subjects mediate contact-dependent suppression in several in vitro systems including: (i) pokeweed mitogen-induced proliferation and immunoglobulin synthesis, and (ii) generation of antiviral MHC-restricted cytotoxic T-lymphocytes.

Our data suggest that CD4+CD25+CD127loCD39+FoxP3+ Tregs may play a role in promoting CBZ tolerance in HLA-B,15:02 carriers.

Zbtb16-knockdown in lymphocytes promoted the differentiation of CD3e+ CD4+ T\240\cells, particularly those producing IL-4 and IL-5.

Loading of DC with anti-MICA mAb-coated breast, melanoma, or ovarian tumor lines or uncultured ovarian cancer cells efficiently promoted TA cross-presentation and priming of multivalent anti-tumor CD8 and CD4 T cell responses.

WT) or the IECs upregulated MHC-II expression, which then promoted CD4+T-cell proliferation.

ESAT6 additionally upregulated the expression of surface molecules CD80, CD86, and MHC-II, and also promoted the ability of CD4+ T cells to secrete IFN-γ via the TLR4-dependent pathway.

We previously demonstrated in the Chinese macaque model that an oral vaccine made of inactivated SIV and Lactobacillus plantarum induced CD8(+) regulatory T-cells, which suppressed the activation of SIV(+) CD4(+) T-cells, prevented SIV replication, and protected macaques from SIV challenges.

Furthermore, HHX-5 strongly suppressed adaptive immunity via inhibiting differentiation of naive CD4+ T cells into Th1, Th2, and Th17 cells and suppressing activation, proliferation and differentiation of CD8+ T cells and B cells.

Moreover, HIV-specific CD8+ T cells potently suppressed viral replication without demonstrable cytolytic activity in the LNs of ECs, which harbored substantially lower amounts of CD4+ T cell-associated HIV DNA and RNA compared with the LNs of CPs.

CD8+ lymphocytes from HIV-1-infected asymptomatic individuals suppressed tat-mediated HIV-LTR transcription in CD4+ lymphocytes.

Surprisingly, ex vivo tetramer-sorted SIV-specific CD8(+) T cells that eliminated and suppressed viral replication in SIV-infected CD4(+) T cells failed to do so in SIV-infected macrophages.

The response was MHC class II-restricted required processing of the bacterial antigen, was seen in both CD45RO+ and CD45RA+ subsets, and was not oligoclonal.

Notably, IL-22-mediated keratinocyte-intrinsic MHC class II expression was required for the selective accumulation of commensal-induced IFN-γ, but not IL-17A-producing CD4+ T cells within the skin.

In addition, the expression of MHC class II-restricted antigens by tumour cells is required at the site of successful rejection, indicating that activation of CD4+ T cells must also occur in the tumour microenvironment.

CD4 T lymphocyte activation requires T cell receptor (TCR) engagement by peptide/MHC (major histocompatibility complex) (pMHC).

For both MHCII(POS) and MHCII(NEG) tumors, presentation of tumor-specific antigen by host antigen-presenting cells (APCs) appears to be required for CD4(+) T cell priming.

The functional development of IMP CD4(+) T cells requires hematopoietic but not thymic MHCII.

Priming of naive CD8+ and CD4+ T cells by dendritic cells (DCs) requires effective antigen presentation on both MHC class I and II molecules.

Thus, IFNγ-regulated molecules, but not MHC class II or antigen presentation by IECs is required for the early migration of antigen-specific CD4+ T cells into the pancreatic islets.

Proliferation of mature CD4+ T cells during lymphopenia (homeostatic proliferation) requires interaction with endogenous peptide MHC.

Antigen-specific T cell lines may be deleted by a signalling mechanism which involves molecules other than gp120/CD4 but still requires MHC class II restriction.

The observed HIV-1 replication enhancement conferred by ECs occurred only in memory CD4+ T cells required expression of major histocompatibility complex class II (MHC-II) molecules by the ECs, and could not be conferred by fixed ECs, all of which are consistent with a requirement for EC-mediated T-cell activation via T-cell receptor (TCR) signaling.

First, the cytolytic activity by CD4+ T cells required high MHC class II expression on melanoma cells, which was not satisfied in a subset of melanomas.

IFN-γ produced mainly by CD4(+) T cells is required to upregulate MHCII expression by IECs.

In other work, we have also shown that interferon-gamma (IFN-gamma) treatment induces interleukin (IL)-23 mRNA and protein in antigen-presenting cells (APC)  leading to the proliferation of CD4+ and CD8+ memory T cells expressing IL-17.

The artificial in vitro activation of CD4+ T lymphocytes by a combination of 12-O-tetradecanoylphorbol-13-acetate and ionomycin, the so-called T/I model led to an inducible production of cytokines, such as interferon-γ, tumor necrosis factor-α, and interleukin-2.

We also discussed the controversial role of CD8 T cells in affecting the Th1/Th2 phenotype of responses to MHC and other antigens, and the potential role of their relative scarcity in neonates in biasing responses towards an antibody, Th2 mode.

The present study using chimeric H-2Kb molecules with recombinant alpha 3 domain between H-2Kb and HLA-B7 as well as single amino acid mutants of H-2Kb demonstrated that each substitution at residues 224 and 228 affects recognition of CD8-dependent mouse CTL clones.

Alteration or loss of ERAPs function significantly modify the repertoire of antigens presented by MHC I molecules, severely affecting the activation of both NK and CD8+ T cells.

Here we report an increased frequency of CD8+ T cells responding to EBV epitopes from nuclear antigen 3 A (HLA-A2/CLG) and latent membrane protein 2 (HLA-B7/RPP) in MS patients.

To further assess the immunogenicity and recruitment of CD8+ T cells responding to WT1A and WT1B, we immunized HLA-A2.

An unusual subset of CD8+ T cells monitor normal Ag processing by responding to a highly conserved FL9 peptide that is presented by Qa-1b, a nonclassical MHC Ib molecule (QFL) in ERAAP-deficient cells.

We show by flow cytometry that murine and human CD103(+) CD8 T cells respond better than their CD103(-) counterparts to tumor peptide-MHC I (pMHC I) stimulation in vitro and to tumor antigens on gliomas in vivo.

Specifically, KIR2DS2 in conjunction with the appropriate HLA-C ligand may have a role in vascular damage by regulating CD4(+) CD28(null) T cells.

CD4(+) T cell differentiation has been shown to be regulated by the cytokine milieu present during activation as well as peptide MHC levels.

The S1P/S1PR2 pathway controlled MHC-II expression to regulate CD4+T-cell proliferation via the extracellular signal-regulated kinase (ERK) pathway.

In this study, we aim to uncover non-MHC genetic factors regulating the proportion of CD4+ and CD8+ T cells in lymphoid tissues.

Longitudinal and cross-sectional studies revealed that the CD4+ CTL response was regulated in a complex manner and was not clearly correlated with MHC class II genotype, Ag dose, or number of immunizations.

Both CBZ and GBP significantly decreased the peak frequency of the posterior (alpha) rhythm, with CBZ exerting a greater effect.

Our data demonstrate that the naturally occurring sugar trehalose at doses safely achieved in humans inhibits HIV through two mechanisms: (i) decreased entry through the downregulation of CCR5 in T cells and decreased CD4 expression in both T cells and macrophages and (ii) degradation of intracellular HIV through the induction of MTOR-independent autophagy.

These findings indicate that expansion of the peripheral T-cell pool mediated the increase in CD4 counts and suggest that approaches to reconstitute CD4 helper cell activity and decrease CCR5 expression may augment natural immunity to HIV infection.

Furthermore, treatment of mice with a dual CCR1/CCR5 peptide antagonist, methionylated RANTES, also markedly reduced hepatic injury and decreased the numbers of CD4(+) T cells within the liver producing IFN-gamma during Con A-induced hepatitis.

Mice transplanted with these cells showed functional and persistent resistance to a CCR5-tropic HIV strain: viral load was significantly decreased over months, and human CD4(+) T cells were preserved.

In a previous study, we found that in simian immunodeficiency virus (SIV)-infected rhesus macaques (RM), CD4(+) TSCM are preserved in number but show (i) a decrease in the frequency of CCR5(+) cells, (ii) an expansion of the fraction of proliferating Ki-67(+) cells, and (iii) high levels of SIV DNA.

The prevalence of CCR5-tropic HIV-1 phenotype declines with decreasing CD4 cell count and increasing viral load.

Although TLR agonists induced higher cytokine and chemokine secretion, they did not significantly activate CD4+ and CD8+ T cells and showed decreased CCR5 expression relative to the unstimulated control.

cruzi-infected mice with Met-RANTES, a selective CCR1/CCR5 antagonist, led to a 20-30 % decrease in CD4(+) cell numbers as well as IL-10, IL-13 and TNF-alpha expression.

Analysis of microglia ex vivo revealed IRF8-deficient microglia had significantly increased levels of CD45, CD11b and F4/80, but significantly decreased levels of the chemokine receptors CCR2, CCR5 and CX3CR1.

Individuals who are heterozygous for the 32-base-pair deletion in the CKR-5 gene have a slower decrease in their CD4 T-cell count and a longer AIDS-free survival than individuals with the wild-type gene for up to 11 years of follow-up.

The total CD4+ T(EM)-cell pool underwent immune activation in controllers, as indicated by increased HLA-DR expression decreased IL-7Ralpha expression, a bias towards gamma interferon production upon polyclonal stimulation, and increased macrophage inflammatory protein 1 beta secretion associated with chronic CCR5 down-regulation.

Our results indicate a close relationship between HIV-1 phenotypic changes and the pathogenic process, since the mode and efficiency of CCR5 use as well as the decrease in the RANTES sensitivities of isolated viruses are significantly correlated with CD4(+)-T-cell decline in a patient.

Here, we determined by measuring fluorescence recovery after photobleaching that the lateral diffusion of CD4 decreased 4-fold following sphingomyelinase treatment, while the effective diffusion rate of CCR5 remained unchanged.

MRV produced CD4(+) and CD8(+) T-cell gains related to antiviral activity and comparable or even superior in terms of CD8(+) T-cells to naïve patients starting cART.

Likely, the inflammatory response to HZ pathology provoked local HIV-1 production by enhanced trafficking or activation of HIV-1-infected CD4+ T lymphocytes.

The binding of HIV-1 Envelope glycoproteins (Env) to host receptor CD4 exposes vulnerable conserved epitopes within the co-receptor binding site (CoRBS) which are required for the engagement of either CCR5 or CXCR4 co-receptor to allow HIV-1 entry.

Consistent with this, pretreatment of gp120 with CV-N inhibited soluble CD4 (sCD4)-dependent binding of gp120 to cell-associated CCR5.

To investigate possible effects of CV-N at post-CD4 binding steps, we used an assay that measures sCD4 activation of the HIV-1 envelope glycoprotein for fusion with CCR5-expressing cells.

We have previously shown that FLSC, a chimeric protein containing HIV-1BAL gp120 and the D1 and D2 domains of human CD4, blocks the binding and entry of HIV-1 into target cells by occluding CCR5, the major HIV-1 coreceptor.

All Envs bound to CD4 binding site, membrane-proximal, and V1/V2 MAbs with similar apparent affinities, although the T/F Envs bound with higher affinity to the MAb 17 b, a CCR5 coreceptor binding site antibody.

The present study demonstrates that HR212 does not block gp120-CD4 binding or interfere with binding to the coreceptors CXCR4 and CCR5.

HIV-1 targets human cells expressing both the CD4 receptor, which binds the viral envelope glycoprotein gp120, as well as either the CCR5 (R5) or CXCR4 (X4) co-receptors, which interact primarily with the third hypervariable loop (V3 loop) of gp120.

Structural studies revealed potential alterations within the gp120 V3 loop, the gp41 interaction sites at the gp120 C- and N-termini, and within the gp120 CD4 binding site which may directly or indirectly lead to more efficient CCR5-usage.

Interaction of gp120 with the primary receptor, CD4, results in the exposure of the gp120 third variable (V3) loop, which contributes to binding the CCR5 or CXCR4 chemokine receptors.

The adapted virus, termed TA1, retained the V3 truncation, was exquisitely sensitive to neutralization by the CD4 binding site monoclonal antibody b12 and by HIV-positive human sera, used CCR5 to enter cells, and was completely resistant to small molecule CCR5 antagonists.

A similar treatment of the HIV-1 gp120 yielded a number of fragments that are associated with the critical CD4 binding site, or the partially buried CCR5 binding site of the protein.

Recombinant gp120 proteins from isolates of HIV-1 subtypes B and C were expressed, purified, and assessed in a CD4 binding assay and a CCR5 chemokine competition binding assay.

Human immunodeficiency virus (HIV-1) interaction with the primary receptor, CD4, induces conformational changes in the viral envelope glycoproteins that allow binding to the CCR5 second receptor and virus entry into the host cell.

The interaction of LRTV-1 with gp120 was enhanced upon CD4 binding and sequence comparison revealed homology between LRTV-1 and the second extracellular loop of C-X-C chemokine receptor type 4 (CXCR4) (11/23) and the N-terminus of C-C chemokine receptor type 5 (CCR5) (7/23).

This peptide recognizes a CD4-dependent gp120 epitope critical for coreceptor binding and mimics the surface of CXCR4 and CCR5.

We have previously shown that FLSC, a fusion protein containing gp120(BAL) and the D1 and D2 domains of human CD4, specifically binds CCR5, an important cellular co-receptor, and inhibits the entry of R5 HIV isolates.

Human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) enters host cells through the binding of its envelope glycoproteins (Env) to the host cell receptor CD4 and then subsequent binding to a chemokine coreceptor, either CCR5 or CXCR4.

An HIV-1 infection in a host cell occurs through an ordered process that involves HIV-1 attachment to the host\s cellular CD4 receptor, co-receptor binding to CCR5 or CXCR4, and the subsequent fusion with the cellular membrane.

D197 and T/V200 increased fusion and infection of cells expressing low CD4 by enhancing gp120 binding to CCR5.

Binding of HP-HSA to CD4 or gp120 was determined by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) and flow cytometry, while binding of HP-HSA to the coreceptor CXCR4 or CCR5 was detected by cell-based ELISA.

gp120 interacts with the CD4 receptor of the host cell and subsequently V3 binds either CCR5 or CXCR4.

Viral tropism for HIV includes CD4+ cells, macrophages, and microglial cells, and it is through binding with co-receptors C-C chemokine receptor type 5 (CCR5) and C-X-C chemokine receptor type 4 (CXCR4).

We further show that, unlike soluble forms of CD4, CD4bs antibodies poorly induce envelope glycoprotein conformations that efficiently bind CCR5.

Interaction of the human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) gp120 envelope glycoprotein with the primary receptor, CD4 promotes binding to a chemokine receptor, either CCR5 or CXCR4.

Interaction of the human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) gp120 envelope glycoprotein with the primary receptor, CD4, promotes binding to a chemokine receptor, either CCR5 or CXCR4.

We also used the biosensor to demonstrate CD4-dependent binding of gp120 to solubilized CCR5 and to develop affinity chromatography-based purification methods that increased receptor activity more than 300 %.

In addition to the CD4 molecule that binds to the human immunodeficiency virus type-1 (HIV-1) envelope glycoprotein gp120, productive HIV-1 infection requires interaction with cellular receptors for alpha- or beta- chemokines (CXCR4 and CCR5 respectively).

Upon binding the host cell receptor, CD4, gp120 assumes a conformation that is able to bind the chemokine receptors CCR5 or CXCR4, which act as coreceptors for the virus.

In addition to CD4, different gp120 isolates bind to the alpha- or beta-chemokine receptors CXCR4 and CCR5, respectively.

CD4 is the principal binding site for human and simian immunodeficiency virus (HIV/SIV) receptor interactions and the a chemokine receptor CXCR4 has been implicated as a primordial lentivirus receptor.

We show here that gp120 proteins from two CD4-independent HIV-2 Env\s, VCP and ROD/B bind directly to CXCR4 with an apparently high affinity.

However, mutations in CXCR4 that markedly reduced binding did not necessarily hinder cell-cell fusion by VCP or ROD/B, especially in the presence of CD4.

The activation of this signaling pathway requires functional CD4 receptors and is independent of binding to CXCR4.

In addition, we show that the envelop glycoprotein from the T-cell-tropic human immunodeficiency virus 1 (HIV-1) strain IIIB is a CD4-independent, dose-dependent inhibitor of the binding of stromal cell-derived factor 1 to its receptor, CXCR4.

Further mechanism studies confirmed that ADS-J1 does not block gp120-CD4 binding and exhibits a marginal interaction with the HIV-1 coreceptor CXCR4.

While dC13 did not block binding of gp120 to CD4, nor disrupt the gp41 six-helix bundle formation, it effectively blocked the binding of an anti-CXCR4 monoclonal antibody and chemokine SDF-1alpha to CXCR4-expressing cells.

Further mechanistic analysis revealed that (-) G-Ala neither blocks gp120-CD4 binding nor interacts with the HIV-1 co-receptor CXCR4.

Two receptors, CD4 and one of several chemokine receptors, are required for cellular HIV-1 infection, with CCR5 being the main coreceptor for macrophage-tropic strains.

CD4(+) invariant natural killer T (iNKT) cells are required for liver damage in some mouse models of hepatitis, while the chemokine receptors CXCR3 and CCR5 are considered dominant Th1 chemokine receptors involved in Th1 trafficking in inflammatory conditions.

Microcalorimetric titrations demonstrate that measurable binding of S22 peptide, a 22-amino acid tyrosine-sulfated peptide corresponding to the CCR5 N-terminus requires prior binding of CD4 to gp120.

The most abundant form of HIV-1 uses CCR5 as the coreceptor and requires a high density of CD4 for efficient entry, defining its target cell as the CD4+ memory T cell.

The receptor binding assays confirmed that the produced glycoproteins are competent for binding CD4 and undergo proper CD4-induced conformational changes required for interaction with CCR5.

These results demonstrate that HIV-1 virions induce apoptosis through a CXCR4- or CCR5-dependent pathway that does not require Env/CD4 signaling or membrane fusion and suggest that HIV-1 variants with increased envelope/receptor affinity or coreceptor binding site exposure may promote T-cell depletion in vivo by accelerating bystander cell death.

Collectively, these results indicate that CCR5 expression is required for the regulatory functions of Tregs that restrict alloreactive CD4 T-cell responses to single class II MHC-mismatched cardiac allografts.

Interestingly, similar to the CCR5 homodimer, the CXCR4-CCR5 heterodimer relied on Rabs1 and 11 but also required Rab2 when CD4 was absent, and only Rab 1 when CD4 was present.

HIV entry into CD4(+) cells requires interaction with a cellular receptor, generally either CCR5 or CXCR4.

We found that the transmitted viruses all used CCR5 and required high levels of CD4 to infect target cells, suggesting selection for replication in T cells and not macrophages after transmission.

Furthermore, we identified two kinases regulated by CCR5-HIV signaling-p70-S6K1 (RPS6KB1) and MK2 (MAPKAPK2)-that were also required for optimal HIV infection of CD4+ T cells.

Along with CD4, HIV-1 requires a chemokine receptor, CCR5 or CXCR4, as an entry co-receptor, and differential co-receptor selectivity is an important determinant of viral diversity and pathogenesis.

Human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) entry into CD4(+) cells requires the chemokine receptors CCR5 or CXCR4 as co-fusion receptors.

The chemokine receptors CCR5 and CXCR4 are G-protein coupled receptors (GPCRs) of the immune system and the major co-receptors required for entry of HIV into CD4(+) target cells.

Bystander apoptosis of CD4(+) T cells required direct contact with virions and Env/CXCR4 binding.

After CD3/CD28 activation, IFN-β(-/-) CD4+ T cells express higher levels of IRF-4 required for Th17 differentiation, and increased expression of CCR6, IL-23R, IL-6R, and CXCR4, compared with activated IFN-β(+/+) T cells.

Viral envelope glycoproteins interaction with CD4 controls cell activation and proliferation required for virus production whereas interaction with CXCR4 favors apoptosis thereby decreasing the host immune response.

Thus, a CD4-associated signaling molecule(s) including p56lck is activated by gp120 and is required for the down-regulation of CXCR4.

However, a Ser/IleLeu motif, similar to that required for the endocytosis of CD4 and the T cell receptor/CD3 complex is required for phorbol ester-induced, but not ligand-induced, CXCR4 endocytosis.

However, a Ser/IleLeu motif, similar to that required for the endocytosis of CD4 and the T cell receptor/CD3 complex, is required for phorbol ester-induced, but not ligand-induced, CXCR4 endocytosis.

CXCR4 is a member of the chemokine receptor family which is required along with CD4 for entry into the cell of syncytium-inducing (SI) HIV-1 strains.

Although these B cell subpopulations expressed moderate to high levels of CXCR4, they required activation through CD40 and interleukin 4 receptor for infection.

8 x gp120 bound directly to cells expressing only CXCR4, whereas binding of IIIB gp120 required soluble CD4.

CXCR4 is a key co-receptor required for the infection of T-tropic HIV-1 strain of CD4+ T lymphocytes.

Recently, CXCR4 has drawn unexpected attention as it was recently identified as a co-factor required for entry of lymphotropic HIV isolates in CD4+ T lymphocytes.

Recently, a human protein termed " fusin" with characteristics of a seven-transmembrane-spanning receptor was found to be a co-factor required for the entry and fusion of HIV-1 with human CD4-bearing lymphocytes.

The cellular entry of HIV-1 into CD4(+) T cells requires ordered interactions of HIV-1 envelope glycoprotein with C-X-C chemokine receptor type 4 (CXCR4) receptors.

The expression of AW112010 was significantly increased in CD4+ T cells from C57BL/6J mice activated in vivo with myelin oligodendrocyte glycoprotein, Staphylococcal enterotoxin B, or in vitro with anti-CD3 anti-CD28 mAbs, thereby demonstrating that activation of T cells leads to induction of AW112010.

Although most autoimmune diseases are considered to be CD4 T cell- or antibody-mediated, many respond to CD20-depleting antibodies that have limited influence on CD4 and plasma cells.

The appearance of virus-specific CD4 T cells in the lung airways of aged mice was delayed compared to young mice, but the overall peak number and cytokine secretion profile of responding CD4 T cells was not greatly perturbed.

Moreover, memory CD4 T\240\cells were more resistant than primary responding CD4 T\240\cells to inhibitors that suppress T\240\cell receptor signaling.

HIV-1-specific CD4(+) T cells respond to HIV antigens presented by HIV-1-infected DCs and in this process become infected, thereby providing a mechanism through which HIV-1-specific CD4(+) T cells could become preferentially infected in vivo.

Thus, although profound depletion of tissue CD4+ memory T cells appeared to be a prerequisite for early pathogenesis, it was the inability to respond to this depletion with sustained production of tissue-homing CD4+ memory T cells that best distinguished rapid progressors, suggesting that mechanisms of the CD4+ memory T cell generation play a crucial role in maintaining immune homeostasis in stable SIV infection.

Few with a baseline CD4 count ≥\240\200 cells/µL experienced a drop below 200 cells/µL suggesting limited utility for ongoing CD4 monitoring.

Few with a baseline CD4 count ≥\240\200 cells/µL experienced a drop below 200 cells/µL, suggesting limited utility for ongoing CD4 monitoring.

BMS-529 complexed gp150 trimers in detergent micelles, which were isolated from CHO cells, bound to bnAbs, including UCA and intermediates of the CD4 binding-site (bs) CH103 bnAb lineage, showed limited exposure of CD4i epitopes and a glycosylation pattern with a preponderance of high-mannose glycans.

By contrast, the additional constraint of obligatory CD4 binding, just prior to CKR engagement, radically restricts potential host cells within an individual (or lymph node microenvironment), and might also limit xenotransmission, as CD4 sequences vary among primates.

The two CD4-independent strains of SIV tested developed nearly complete CD4 dependence over several months of serial passage in hPBMCs, correlating with a limited number of non-synonymous env region mutations, some previously reported to be determinants of CD4-dependency.

The development of beneficial tumor-infiltrating NK cells of DLI origin required host CD4+ T-cell help in part by producing IL2, as well as by limiting regulatory CD4+ T cells (Treg).

We propose that combining ART initiation with inhibition of IL-7/IL-7R signaling to block CD4+ T cell memory formation will limit the generation of long-lived HIV-infected CD4+ T cells and reduce the overall size of the stable HIV-1 reservoir.

Further examination revealed that STING deficiency reduced the activation of donor CD8+ T cells early after transplant and promoted recipient MHC class II+ antigen-presenting cell (APC) survival.

Interference with the synthesis of TGF-beta1 and TGF-beta2 by small interfering RNA technology prevents the down-regulation of NKG2D on immune cells mediated by LNT-229 glioma cell supernatant and strongly enhances MICA expression in the glioma cells and promotes their recognition and lysis by CD8(+) T and NK cells.

The therapeutic effect of immunization with BLS-MICA included scavenging of sMICA and the anti-MICA Ab-mediated ADCC promoting heightened intratumoral M1/proinflammatory macrophage and antigen-experienced CD8+ T cell recruitment.

In the present study, we show that CAP1-6D, a superagonist analogue of a carcinoembriyonic antigen (CEA)-derived HLA-A,0201-restricted epitope widely used in clinical setting, reproducibly promotes the generation of low-affinity CD8(+) T cells lacking the ability to recognized CEA-expressing colorectal carcinoma (CRC) cells.

In this article, we describe a novel synthetic agonist, an N-terminal extended decamer peptide expressed as a single-chain trimer, the amino-terminal extended peptide MHC class I single-chain trimer (AT-SCT), which preferentially promotes the growth of memory human CD8(+) T cells with minimal restimulation-induced cell death.

Our findings demonstrate that modified peptide-MHC structures, such as AT-SCT, can be engineered as T cell agonists to promote the growth and expansion of memory human CD8(+) T cells.

Alisporivir stimulates antigen presentation by inducing enhanced MHC-I surface expression, thereby promoting antigen-specific CD8(+) T cell activation.

More recently, some novel interesting features have emerged such as the ability of HLA-B27 to confer resistance to the progression of HIV infection and to promote a spontaneous CD8+ T cell-mediated viral clearance of HCV.

These results unveil an MHC class I-dependent pathway that promotes the survival of a subset of memory-phenotype CD8+ T cells and also reveal an unexpected biological function for inhibitory NKRs on T cells.

However, macrophages infected with nef variants that disrupt MHC-I downregulation did not promote rapid killing by freshly isolated CD8(+) T cells.

These results suggest that CXCL14 enacts antitumor immunity through restoration of MHC-I expression on tumor cells and promoting antigen-specific CD8+ T-cell responses to suppress HPV-positive HNC.

In murine tumor models of breast cancer, guadecitabine upregulates MHC-I in tumor cells promoting recruitment of CD8+ T cells to the microenvironment.

Given that influenza virus infections are a global health concern and that CD8+ T cells play an important role in promoting influenza virus clearance and recovery from influenza disease, we investigated whether influenza A and B viruses (IAV, IBV) downregulated MHC-I as a novel mechanism to evade cellular immunity.

however, when CD4+ T cells are stimulated through their T cell receptors, ZFP36L2 expression is rapidly reduced in both humans and mice.

A study was undertaken to assess the sensitivity of SIVcpz to beta-chemokines in vitro and to investigate the role of endogenous beta-chemokines in relation to the in vitro capacity of CD8+ lymphocytes and NK cells of chimpanzees to suppress SIVcpz replication.

These results indicate that ZFP36L2 reduces the expression of Ikzf2 and suppresses iTreg function raising the interesting possibility that the inhibition of ZFP36L2 in iTregs could be a therapeutic strategy for autoimmune diseases.

Furthermore, using dual-protein ligands and the antigenic memory of some sub-populations of NK cells would also allow the creation of defacto vaccines based on a host\s NK cells, instead of vaccines utilizing CD4 and CD8 α:β T cells, which are limited by the requirement of MHC presentation of the target antigens to α:β T cells.

The presence of viral genes that down-regulate MHC class II molecules and the expression of viral IL-10 both limit antigen presentation to CD4+ T cells, underlining the important role that this T cell subset has in antiviral immunity.

We identified a requirement for Notch2-dependent cDC2s, but not Batf3-dependent cDC1s or Klf4-dependent cDC2s, in promoting TFH and GC B cell formation in response to sheep red blood cells and inactivated Listeria monocytogenes This effect was mediated independent of Il2ra and several Notch2-dependent genes expressed in cDC2s, including Stat4 and Havcr2 Notch2 signaling during cDC2 development also substantially reduced the efficiency of cDC2s for presentation of MHC class II-restricted antigens limiting the strength of CD4 T cell activation.

Peptides are generally needed as T-helper epitopes in nicotine vaccines to induce effective antibody responses, but the highly polymorphic property of major histocompatibility complex (MHC) molecules may limit opportunities of B cell to receive CD4+ T-cell help.

In contrast, the Th response to recall antigens requires CD4+ Th and sAC and is therefore limited to the major histocompatibility complex (MHC) self-restricted pathway.

Precise enumeration and accurate phenotyping of RSV- or MPV-specific CD8+ T cells in humans is currently limited by the relatively small number of T cell epitopes that have been mapped with accompanying identification of MHC restriction patterns.

The assessment of spontaneous and vaccine-induced CD8+ T cell responses has been limited to a small number of known NY-ESO-1 epitopes presented by MHC class I alleles.

In this study, we identified Placenta-specific 8 (Plac8) as a gene that is uniquely expressed in Th1 CD4 T cells relative to other CD4 T cell subsets and hypothesized that Plac8 may represent a novel therapeutic target in Th1 CD4 T cells.

In this study, we show that Ag-experienced (Ag-exp) CD4+ T cell exhaustion during Plasmodium yoelii nonlethal infection occurs alongside the reduction in mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR) activity and restriction in CD4+ T cell glycolytic capacity.

Suppression was independent of Foxp3 expression in CD8(+) Treg cells, HLA compatibility between CD8(+) Treg cells and CD4(+) target cells and antigen-specificity of CD4(+) target T cells.

We demonstrated that native VP11/12129-143 and VP11/12483-497 epitopes presented by HSV-1-infected HLA-DR-positive target cells were recognized mainly by effector memory CD4+ TEM cells while being less targeted by FOXP3+ CD4+ CD25+ regulatory T cells.

We further confirm that TSA can promote the polarization of naïve CD4+ T cells into Treg cells both by targeting dendritic cells (DCs) to drive transforming growth factor β1 (TGF-β1) upregulation and by directly targeting naïve CD4+ T cells in vitro.

The Threshold Hypothesis states that tentative and robust antigen-mediated CD4 T cell cooperation results in the target CD4 T cell, respectively giving rise, upon activation, to Th1 and Th2 cells.

SP also reduced CD4(+) T cell activation and proliferation, and the magnitude of SP-mediated suppression of target cell CD4 expression, activation, and proliferation correlated closely with the magnitude of the protection of CD4(+) T cells from infection with HIV.

Our findings reveal a unique mechanism by which R5 HIV env and VSV-G cooperate to allow entry to naïve CD4(+) T cells, providing a tool to target naïve CD4(+) T cells with R5 HIV to study HIV coreceptor signaling and latency.

The structural components in gp120 that move in concert with CD4 were also identified, which may be the suitable target for inhibitor design to interrupt CD4-gp120 interaction.

Enhanced sensitivity of CD4-independent Envs from day 42 CD4(+) T cell-depleted RM was also seen with monoclonal antibodies that target both known CD4-inducible and other Env epitopes.

Adaptation to CD4low targets proved to severely alter envelope functions including trimer opening as indicated by a higher affinity to CD4 and loss in shielding against neutralizing antibodies.

We observed a strikingly decreased infectivity on CD4high target cells, but sustained infectivity on CD4low targets, including macrophages.

Intriguingly, the adaptation to CD4low targets altered the kinetic of the entry process, leading to rapid CD4 engagement and an extended transition time between CD4 and CCR5 binding during entry.

The results identify hurdles in using CD4i epitopes as targets for antibody-mediated neutralization in vaccine design but also indicate that the CD4i regions could be efficiently targeted by small molecule entry inhibitors.

These CD4-chemokine receptor pseudotypes were able to target HIV- and SIV-infected cell lines and monocyte-derived macrophages in a manner that corresponded to the specificity of the viral envelope glycoprotein for its CD4-chemokine receptor complex.

Interestingly, naive CD4 T cells, which are selectively targeted by X4 HIV-1, revealed a significantly higher expression of Trim5alpha than memory CD4 T cells.

Co-expression of CD4 on the target cell surface or pre-incubation of virus particles with soluble CD4 abrogates the glycan-mediated inhibition of X4 virus infection, suggesting that interaction of Env protein with CD4 counteracts the inhibition.

To gain insights into the molecular mechanisms underlying early host responses to HIV in the CD4(+) T cell target population, we examined gene expression in CD4(+) T cells isolated 24 h after ex vivo HIV infection of lymphocyte aggregate cultures derived from human tonsils.

The ability of KS2 Nef to down-regulate CD4 was more prominent when CD4 was measured 2-3 days after transfer of the nef gene to the target cells, and also when the effect was measured in CD4(+)-enriched primary T cells.

Because the env protein associates tightly with CD4 shortly after synthesis, we first targeted the env protein using a chimeric CD4 protein consisting of the extracellular domain of CD4 and the transmembrane and cytoplasmic domains of LAMP-1.

Thus, although transmembrane and secreted TNF-alpha produced by HIV-1-specific CD4+ CTL may have important effects in vivo, the rapid destruction of target APC by the set of CD4+ CTL clones described here occurs through a TNF-alpha-independent mechanism.

As severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) infects the human body through the combination of angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) in the gastrointestinal tract, the mechanism underlying the gastrointestinal symptoms may involve damage to the intestinal mucosal barrier and promotion of the production of inflammatory factors.

SARS-CoV-2 cannot infect wildtype laboratory mice due to inefficient interactions between the viral spike (S) protein and the murine ortholog of the human receptor, ACE2.

Severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus-2 (SARS-CoV-2), the pathogen of COVID-19 infects the human body using angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) as a receptor identical to the severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) pandemic that occurred in 2002-2003.

SARS-CoV-2 enters into and infects host cells through its spike glycoprotein recognizing the cell receptor Angiotensin-converting enzyme II (ACE2).

With high and consistent expression of Ace2 and Tmprss2 in cornea, cornea rather than conjunctiva has higher potential to be infected by SARS-CoV-2.

SARS-CoV-2 cannot infect wildtype laboratory mice due to inefficient interactions between the viral spike (S) protein and the murine ortholog of the human receptor, ACE24.

SARS-CoV-2 is a novel RNA virus that infects cells expressing the angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE2) receptor and is associated with an acute respiratory disease named COVID-19.

SARS-CoV-2 infects host cells by targeting the angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) receptor, which is present on endothelial cells in the lung, heart, kidney, and gastrointestinal tissue.

Severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus-2019 (SARS-CoV-2), the causative virus of COVID-19 infects host cells through angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2).

As the SARS-CoV-2 may have the potential to infect the testis via ACE2 and adversely affect male reproductive system, it is essential to commence with targeted studies to learn from the current pandemic, with the possibility of preemptive intervention, depending on the findings and time course of the continuing pandemic.

Conclusion: Genetically under-expression of ACE2 receptor in children with genetically-susceptible to KD who are infected with SARS-CoV-2 possibly further downregulates the ACE2 expression by TNF-α and leads to surge of inflammation including TNF-α and progression to Kawasaki-like disease.

SARS-CoV-2 infects host cells through ACE2 receptors, leading to COVID-19-related pneumonia.

We also report that ACE2 is expressed on the surface of murine bone marrow-derived VSELs and HSCs, although it is known that murine cells are not infected by SARS-CoV-2.

Studies have shown that SARS-CoV-2 infects the human body and replicates effectively through angiotensin-converting enzyme II (ACE2).

The adipose tissue also expresses ACE2, suggesting that adipocytes are potentially infected by SARS-CoV-2.

It has been now clearly established that severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2), the virus causing COVID-19 infects the host cell through biding and being internalized with angiotensin converting enzyme 2 (ACE2), a surface protein expressed in a noticeable number of human cells, especially in those of upper and lower respiratory tracts, heart, kidney, testis, adipose tissue, gastrointestinal system and in lymphocytes.

The ocular surface and retina have the necessary proteins, Transmembrane Serine Protease 2 (TMPRSS2), CD147, Angiotensin-Converting Enzyme 2 (ACE2) and Cathepsin L (CTSL) necessary to be infected with SARS-CoV-2.

The expression of ACE2 receptors in the vascular endothelium may explain the histological changes of placentas from pregnant women infected by SARS-CoV-2.

While the potential for benefit with the use of renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system inhibitors (RAASi) and the risks from stopping them is more evident, potential harm by RAΑSi may also be caused by the increase in the activity of the ACE2 receptor, the inefficient counter regulatory axis in the lungs in which the proinflammatory prolyloligopeptidase (POP) is the main enzyme responsible for the conversion of deleterious angiotensin (ANG) II to protective ANG [ 1-7 ] and the proinflammatory properties of ACE2(+) cells infected with SARS-CoV-2.

SARS-CoV-2 may have a capacity to infect extrapulmonary organs due to the expressions of ACE2 and TMPRSS2 in the cells and tissues of these organs.

Here, we consider the ability of SARS-CoV2 to enter and infect the human nervous system based on the strong expression of the ACE2 target throughout the brain.

To determine the role of rh-ACE2 in early lung pathogenesis in vivo, we studied eleven Chinese rhesus monkeys experimentally infected with a pathogenic SARS-CoV(PUMC01) strain.

All three cell types expressed human ACE2 on the apical membrane domain and were infected via this route, as determined with vesicular stomatitis virus pseudotypes containing the S protein of SARS-CoV.

Here we show that SARS-CoV, but not HCoV-NL63, utilizes the enzymatic activity of the cysteine protease cathepsin L to infect ACE2-expressing cells.

Undifferentiated cells expressing little ACE2 were poorly infected with SARS-CoV, while well-differentiated cells expressing more ACE2 were readily infected.

On the contrary, substitution of these two amino acid residues of pcSARS-CoV for those of huSRAS-CoV made pcSARS-CoV capable of infecting human ACE2-expressing cells.

The coronavirus (SARS-CoV) that causes severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) infects cells expressing the receptor angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2).

Remarkably, endothelial cells, which express ACE2 to a high level, have not been shown to be infected by SARS-CoV.

SARS-CoV-related animal model experiments show that it can infect the epithelial cells on the salivary gland duct in Chinese rhesus macaques by targeting ACE2.

In this issue of The EMBO Journal, Martín-Leal et\240\al show that the inflammatory chemokine receptor CCR5, well known for its role in cell migration and HIV infection regulates ceramide synthesis and TCR nanoclustering to promote memory CD4+ T cell activation.

CCR5 regulates JE progression via governing timely and appropriate CNS infiltration of CD4(+) Foxp3(+) Tregs, thereby facilitating host survival.

Env amino acids D470N and E84K that confer the CD4-independent phenotype also regulated entry through low CCR5 levels and GPR15, indicating a common structural basis.

In this issue of The EMBO Journal, Martín-Leal et\240\al show that the inflammatory chemokine receptor CCR5, well known for its role in cell migration and HIV infection, regulates ceramide synthesis and TCR nanoclustering to promote memory CD4+ T cell activation.

We further demonstrated that the binding of the sulfotyrosine-binding pocket by CCR5mim2-Ig was sufficient for promoting CD4bs antibody binding to Env.

This viral binding to CXCR4 or CCR5 also triggers the activation of a variety of signaling molecules such as LIMK/cofilin and WAVE2/Arp2/3 to promote actin dynamics, which are necessary for viral nuclear migration and the latent infection of blood resting CD4 T cells.

STAT proteins regulate the expression of many genes required for the differentiation of various CD4(+) T helper cell lineages, and there is now accumulating evidence that SOCS also play essential roles in the regulation and maintenance of CD4(+) T-cell polarization.

To determine whether Stat5a regulates T helper cell differentiation, we studied T helper (Th) 1 and Th2 cell differentiation of Stat5a(-/-) CD4(+) T cells at single-cell levels.

Balance in signal transducer and activator of transcription (STAT) activation is a key factor in regulating the fate of naive CD4(+) T cells.

In addition to T cell receptor (TCR) signals, the production of IL-21 by activated CD4+ T cells is intricately regulated by various extrinsic factors and intrinsic molecules, such as IL-6, IL-21, ICOS, Stat3, IRF4, and Batf.

Our results suggest that Stat5b confers protection against diabetes in the NOD mice by regulating the numbers and function of multiple immune cell types, especially by up-regulating CD4(+) CD25(+) regulatory T cells.

IL-4 activates STAT6 and ERK and supports the differentiation of CD8(int) PD-L1(hi) CD44(hi) EOMES(+) innate CD8 T cells.

The expression of CCR5 and CXCR3, two chemokine receptors involved with homing of T cells to inflamed tissue, was examined longitudinally on CD4+ and CD8+ T cells in patients with a first demyelinating event of the central nervous system (CNS) randomized to receive i.

We monitored in fifty individuals with chronic hepatitis C (CHC) the expression of CCR5 and CXCR3, two chemokine receptors involved in the intra-hepatic recruitment of T cells, at the surface of circulating CD4+ T cells.

The association of CD4, a glycoprotein involved in T-cell development and antigen recognition, and CC chemokine receptor 5 (CCR5), a chemotactic G protein-coupled receptor, which regulates trafficking and effector functions of immune cells, forms the main receptor for HIV.

In addition, significantly more CD68+ macrophages and CD8+ T cells were found in Mycobacterium tuberculosis-infected granulomas, as detected by Ziehl-Neelsen staining.

Whereas CD4 and CD8 were not detected in NBF-treated tissue, all markers were detected in ZN-treated tissue without AR.

Further, the proportions of CD4+ T and CD8+ T lymphocytes were strongly reduced in patients with severe SARS-CoV-2 infection.

As Zimbabwe approaches epidemic control of HIV, programs now prioritize viral load over CD4 monitoring, making it difficult to identify persons living with HIV (PLHIV) suffering from advanced disease (AD).

Here, we tested 25 hospitalized patients either with microbiologically documented COVID-19 (n = 19) or highly suspected of having the disease (n = 6) for presence of SARS-CoV-2-reactive CD69+ expressing interferon-γ (IFN-γ) producing CD8+ T cells using flow-cytometry for intracellular cytokine staining assay.

In responding to extracellular pathogens, HLA class II glycoproteins expressed by specialized antigen-presenting cells, present peptides to αβ CD4+ T cells.

We adapted HIV-1(NL4-3) and HIV-1(KB9), two HIV-1 variants with different envelope glycoproteins, to replicate efficiently in cells expressing the CD4 and CXCR4 proteins of the common marmoset, a New World monkey.

IL10CARs could recognize OVA-specific CD4+ T cells and converted OVA-specific CD4± T cells to OVA-specific Tr1 cells.

In response to antigenic stimulation, naive MHC-class I restricted and antigen-specific CD8+ CD45RA+ CD28+ T cells undergo clonal expansion, differentiate into CD8+ CD45RO+ memory T cells and convert to CD8+ CD45RA+ CD28- T cells displaying potent immune effector functions upon re-encounter with the nominal antigen.

In a study with mouse models to track the clonal fate of CD4 and CD8 T cells, we discovered that CD8 T cells converted to MHC class I-restricted CD4 T cells without regard to selfness of their antigen specificity.

Treatment with CD40L and IL-4 or PD-1 antibodies in vitro were most effective in converting the immune signatures of progressors to those observed in controllers by down-regulating T(regs) and up-regulating CD40L expression in CD4+ T cells.

Furthermore, IL-33 was sufficient to induce the ST2 expression on CD4+ T cells, but not on CD8+ T and natural killer cells, indicating that IL-33 acted on CD4+ T cells via a positive-feedback loop.

Whereas IL-12 acts on naïve CD4+ T cells, IL-23 preferentially acts on memory CD4+ T cells.

These studies demonstrate an intimate functional relationship among CD4, CCR5, and CXCR3, in which CCR5 can act as an adaptor molecule for CD4 signaling.

A CD47 mimic that acts as an essential virulence factor is encoded by all poxviruses, but CD47 expression on infected cells was found to be upregulated even by pathogens, including severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2), that encode no mimic.

This study describes a novel and versatile tool for examining CD4+ T cell immunity during malaria and provides evidence that CD4+ T cell help acting via CD40L signaling, can promote immunity or pathology to blood-stage malaria largely through Ag presentation by CD8+ DC.

moreover it reduces the undesired capacity for the CD4 of the CAR molecule to act as an entry receptor, thereby rendering CAR-expressing CD8+ T cells susceptible to infection.

Moreover, the presence of the lectin moiety prevented the CD4 from acting as an entry receptor on CCR5-expressing cells, including CD8+ T cells.

Following high-affinity rechallenge, low affinity-primed CD45RB(hi) cells became CD45RB(lo), demonstrating that CD45RB status acts as an affinity-based differentiation switch on CD8(+) T cells.

CD4+ T cell subsets that express more CCR5 were more susceptible to infection with C-HIV Envs, suggesting that these may be the major cellular targets during the first 3 \240\years of infection.

The expanded CD4+ population had more cells expressing HLA-DR, CD57 and CCR5 (CD195), whilst the expression of CD25 was present on fewer of the expanded cells.

CD4+ T-cell reconstitution in the sigmoid, including CD4+ T cells expressing CCR5, exceeded that in blood and did not differ from uninfected controls.

To establish effects of vaccine and pre-existing Ad5 immunity on infection risk, we undertook flow cytometric studies to measure Ad5-specific T cells and circulating activated (Ki-67+/BcL-2(lo)) CD4+ T cells expressing CCR5.

The percentages of CD4(+) cells expressing CXC chemokine receptor 3 (CXCR3), CXCR6 and CCR5, and the secretion of interferon-gamma-induced protein-10, monocyte chemoattractant protein-1, macrophage inflammatory protein (MIP)-1 alpha and MIP-1beta was lower among diabetics.

In this study, we have focused on two chemokine receptors, CCR5 and CXCR3, which are expressed on CD4+ Th1 cells in mice HSK model.

HSV-1 infection increased the production of MCP-1 and RANTES by keratocytes, and these acted as chemoattractants for HSV-1-primed CD4(+) T cells expressing CCR2 and CCR5.

The percentage of CD4+ T cells expressing both chemokine receptors, CCR2 and CCR5, was increased after culturing with supernatant from the apical or basolateral surface of PTEC following apical exposure to HSA.

The alpha-chemokine receptor fusin (CXCR-4) and beta-chemokine receptor CCR5 serve as entry cofactors for T-cell (T)-tropic and macrophage (M)-tropic human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) strains, respectively, when expressed with CD4 in otherwise nonpermissive cells.

We postulated that a larger pool of CD4 T cells expressing CCR5 would be present among individuals in the Indian population.

CCR5 was more highly expressed in CD4+ (16.3 vs.

This depletion targeted subsets of CD4+ T cells expressing the CCR5 coreceptor and having a CD28-CD95+ effector memory phenotype, consistent with the R5-tropism of SHIV-1157ipd3N4.

In the naïve, but not SIV+ macaques, the rectal and vaginal mucosal tissues, compared to oral mucosa and blood, showed higher diversity and percentages of CD4+ T cells expressing the HIV entry co-receptor CCR5 and mucosal specific adhesion (CD103) as well as activation (HLA-DR) and proliferation (Ki67) markers.

Here we found that germinal center (GC) Tfh cells, defined here as CXCR5(+) PD-1(HIGH) CD4(+) T cells, do not express the HIV coreceptor CCR5 yet serve as a latent reservoir in GCs.

In contrast, Tfh precursor (CXCR5(-) CD4(+) T) cells in lymph nodes do express CCR5 and differentiate into GC Tfh cells following interleukin-6 (IL-6) and IL-21 stimulation, and viral DNA is detectable in fully differentiated GC Tfh cells ex vivo.

The number of chemokine receptors CCR3, CCR5, and CXCR3 expressed on CD4(+) T cells was measured by double-label flow cytometry (FCM) method.

Further analysis showed that the CCR5(+) mesenchymal cells expressed CD45(+) and CD13(+) but did not express alpha-smooth muscle actin.

Here, we postulated that chemokines might direct nTreg cell homing in sites of infection and show that CD4+CD25+ nTreg cells, compared with normal CD4+ T cells, preferentially express the CCR5 chemokine receptor, which enables them to migrate in response to CCR5 ligands in vitro.

Here we show that murine small intestinal CD4(+) lamina propria lymphocytes express a heterogeneous but restricted array of chemokine receptors including CCR5, CCR6, CCR9, CXCR3, and CXCR6.

CCR1, CCR2, CCR3, CCR5, CCR6, CCR7, and CCR8 mRNA is expressed by normal CD4(+) T cells.

When preincubated with the CD4+ve MM6 macrophage cell line, which expresses mRNA for the CCR3 and CCR5 chemokine receptors, both 3.7 and gp120 inhibit binding of the chemokine MIP-1alpha.

CC chemokine receptor 5 (CCR5) is expressed preferentially by CD4(+) T helper 1 (Th1) cells.

Consistent with these observations, CCR5 was expressed on significantly higher frequencies of splenic CD4(+) T cells from malaria-infected, IL-27R-deficient (WSX-1(-/-)) mice than from infected wild-type mice.

Meanwhile, we observed that CCR5, the primary receptor used by MCP-2/CCL8, is mostly expressed on pleural CD4(+) T lymphocytes.

The mRNA levels of CXCR3 and CCR5, which are expressed preferentially in Th1 cells, were significantly higher in CD4(+) T cells primed with CD103(+) LDCs.
