event('ACE2',convert,'ACE2').
These include the different levels of the ubiquitously present human angiotensin I converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) receptors gene expression and its variant alleles, the different binding affinities of ACE2 to the virus spike (S) protein given its L- and S-subtypes and the subsequent extent of innate immunity-related hypercytokinemia.
These three factors increase the expression of angiotensin I converting enzyme 2 (ACE2), a key receptor involved in the entry of SARS-CoV-2-the etiological agent of COVID-19- into respiratory tract epithelial cells.
At the time of writing, in vivo studies of SARS-CoV-2 infection have been described using macaques, cats, ferrets, hamsters, and transgenic mice expressing human angiotensin I converting enzyme 2 (ACE2).
The main receptor of SARS-CoV-2, angiotensin I converting enzyme 2 (ACE2), is now undergoing extensive scrutiny to understand the routes of transmission and sensitivity in different species.
Here we established a quantitative fusion assay dependent on severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) S protein, angiotensin I converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) and TMPRSS2, and found that nafamostat mesylate potently inhibited the fusion while camostat mesylate was about 10-fold less active.
Recently it was shown that the SARS-CoV-2 spike protein, binds to the human angiotensin I converting enzyme 2 (ACE2).
Recently it was shown that the SARS-CoV-2 spike protein binds to the human angiotensin I converting enzyme 2 (ACE2).
event('ACE2',bind,'SARS-COV-2').
Inhaled modified recombinant human ACE2, may bind SARS-CoV-2 and mitigate lung damage.
event('CD4',express,'CCR5').
Immunohistochemical analysis of 15 cases has consistently revealed that infiltrating CD4(+) and CD8(+) T cells in the submucosa predominantly expressed CCR5 and CXCR3.
event('SARS-COV-2',affect,'ACE2').
It remains unclear whether SARS-CoV-2 affects how ACE2 and ACE work.
event('GLYCOPROTEIN',bind,'ACE2').
The spike (S) glycoprotein binds ACE2 and promotes SARS-CoV-2 entry into host cells.
event('SARS-COV',bind,'ACE2').
These results suggest that when SARS-CoV binds ACE2 it is internalized and penetrates early endosomes in a clathrin-dependent manner and that the cytoplasmic tail of ACE2 is not required for the penetration of SARS-CoV.
event('SARS-COV-2',bind,'ACE2').
It was found that SARS-CoV-2 binds ACE2 with a higher affinity than SARS-CoV, which may partly explain that SARS-CoV-2 is much more infectious than SARS-CoV.
