A recent study demonstrates that a point mutation in isocitrate dehydrogenase 1 (IDH1R132H), expressed in gliomas and other tumors, is presented on human MHC class II and induces a mutation-specific CD4+ antitumor T cell response in patients and a syngeneic tumor model in MHC-humanized mice.

Adoptive transfer-mediated parking of naïve CD4 cells in vivo lowered CD4 levels, increased CD5 and reactive oxygen species (ROS) levels and induced hyporesponsiveness in them, dependent, at least in part, on availability of major histocompatibility complex class II (MHCII) molecules.

In the tail-skin transplantation model described here, a three-point mutation (I-A(bm12)) in the antigen-presenting groove of the MHC-class II (I-A(b)) molecule is sufficient to induce strong allogeneic CD4(+) T cell activation in C57BL/6 mice.

In this study, we compare the functionality of CD4 T cell responses induced by peptides displaying varying binding half-lives with MHC class II before and after influenza virus infection.

Peptides encompassing the mutated region are presented on major histocompatibility complexes (MHC) class II and induce mutation-specific CD4(+) T-helper-1 (TH1) responses.

In the present study, we demonstrate that MHC-II-deficient mice showed much more significant defects in inducing protective antibody responses to influenza vaccination than CD4 T cell-deficient mice.

Vaccination with irradiated anti-RNP (but not anti-tetanus toxoid) CD4(+) cells induced remission of anti-RNP-associated nephritis in ≥ 80 % of treated mice, even with donor/recipient MHC class II mismatch, and in both induced and spontaneous autoimmunity.

Increased incidence of severe disease following MOG(Igd) immunization, accompanied by an increased percentage of CD4+ T cells in the CNS expressing CXCR3 and producing interferon-γ, identifies a pathogenic role for interferon-γ that is not seen when disease is induced with a single Major Histocompatibility Complex (MHC) II-associating epitope.

The polyepitope protein includes contiguous multiple MHC class I-restricted epitopes with an aim to induce CD8(+) T cell immunity, while gB is an important target for CD4(+) T cell immunity and neutralizing antibodies.

Experiments demonstrated that PPARγ activation in BMDCs induced an immunosuppressive phenotype in which BMDCs had reduced expression of MHC class II and costimulatory molecules, increased IL-10 secretion, and reduced the ability to induce CD4 T cell proliferation.

These chimeric MHC-II constructs are presented by DCs and induce proliferation of tumor specific CD4+ T cells.

TM may prolong the survival of fully MHC-mismatched cardiac allografts through suppressing intimal hyperplasia and inducing the accumulation of regulatory CD4+Foxp3+ cells within coronary arteries.

In this investigation, we identified six MHC class-II-restricted epitope hotspots of Leishmania antigens that induce CD4+ Th1 and Th17 responses, which could be used to potentiate a human universal T-epitope vaccine against VL.

Among them, the mRNA levels of the CD4-1 and CD4-2 genes induced by rOmpI and rOmpX were generally higher than those induced by the other rOMPs, while there was no significant difference in the expression of TLR2, TLR5M and MHC Iα between the rOMPs-vaccinated group and control group.

In contrast, superantigen-pulsed, MHC class II+ T cell blasts or allogeneic T cell blasts preferentially induce the development of specific, MHC class II-restricted CD4+ cytotoxic effector cells.

Human CD4+ T cell clones infected in vitro with the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), unlike their noninfected counterparts induced both proliferation and immunoglobulin (Ig) production by both autologous and allogeneic B cells through an antigen (Ag)-nonspecific, MHC-unrestricted, contact-dependent mechanism.

With iscoms containing gp160 of HIV-1, cytotoxic T cells (CD8+ CD4-) were induced under restriction of class I MHC antigen.

Because STAT3 activation through IL-6 has previously been implicated in mediating Teff resistance, we also investigated the surface expression of IL-6R as well as IL-6- and TCR-mediated phosphorylation of STAT3 in T cells from our study subjects.

The antiapoptotic response in the absence of STAT1 is predominantly mediated by STAT3, and to a lesser extent by STAT5A/B.

Stat1 is required for suppression of GATA-3, but T-bet induction by IL-27 can also be mediated through a Stat1-independent pathway.

In the present study, we had found that IL-4 enhanced the expression of STAT6 in CD4(+) betabeta T cells isolated from TCRalpha(-/-) mice with colitis, suggesting that the IL-4 signal in the CD4(+) betabeta T cells is mediated by STAT6.

STAT6-deficient CD4(+) betabeta T cells produced IL-4 and intraperitoneal injection of anti-IL-4 monoclonal antibody in the nondiseased TCRalpha(-/-) and STAT6 double-deficient mice prevented the colitis formation, thus indicating that the cells differentiated into the Th2 phenotype have the ability to mediate the development of the colitis in the absence of STAT6.

Surprisingly, contrary to the canonical IL-15-mediated STAT5 signaling pathway in lymphoid cells, IL-15 did not mediate a strong STAT5 or STAT3 activation in DCs.

Here we have shown that CXCL10/CXCR3 interactions drive effector Th1 polarization via STAT1, STAT4, and STAT5 phosphorylation, while CXCL11/CXCR3 binding induces an immunotolerizing state that is characterized by IL-10(hi) (Tr1) and IL-4(hi) (Th2) cells mediated via p70 kinase/mTOR in STAT3- and STAT6-dependent pathways.

To further explore whether JAK/STAT signaling pathway participated in specific immune responses mediated by CTP-HBcAg18-27-Tapasin, we suppressed the JAK/STAT pathway with pharmacological inhibitor (AG490) in vivo.

Both in vitro binding and in vivo functional assays reveal that STAT5 nuclear import is mediated by the importin-α3/β1 system independently of STAT5 activation by tyrosine phosphorylation.

Mechanistic experiments showed that STAT3 pathway partially mediated the effect of FA after which the interaction between STAT3 and importin α5 was enhanced.

The predominance of STAT2-IL-2 in mediating the oncogenic properties of TRIM66 was determined using a rescue assay, wherein overexpression of either STAT2 or IL-2 almost completely abolished the inhibitory effects on cell proliferation, migration and invasion elicited by TRIM66 deficiency in prostate cancer cells.

In Drosophila tumor models, changes in the activities of three pathways, Jun N-terminal Kinase (JNK), Janus Kinase/Signal Transducer and Activator of Transcription (JAK/STAT), and Hippo mediated by AP-1 factors, Stat92E, and Yorkie, are reported frequently.

We examined the role for the JAK/STAT signaling pathway in acute opioid-induced cardioprotection (OIC) and whether opioid-induced glycogen synthase kinase-3beta (GSK-3 beta) inhibition is mediated by the JAK/STAT pathway.

We also show that the STAT3 tyrosine phosphorylation is mediated in the malignant T cells by NPM/ALK independently of Jak3 kinase as evidenced by the presence of STAT3 phosphorylation in the NPM/ALK-transfected BaF3 cells that do not express detectable Jak3 and in the NPM/ALK-positive malignant T cells with either Jak3 activity impaired by a pan-Jak or Jak3-selective inhibitor or Jak3 expression abrogated by Jak3 siRNA.

Because the activation of STAT3 is mediated by the action of an upstream Janus kinase (JAK) kinase, usually JAK1 or JAK2, the activation step for STAT3 might itself be a target for therapy in prostate cancer.

Furthermore, morin induced SHP1 expression at both the mRNA and protein levels, and silencing of SHP1 abrogated the effect of morin on STAT3 phosphorylation, indicating that morin mediates its effects on STAT3 through SHP1.

These STAT-interacting proteins function to modulate STAT signaling at various steps and mediate the crosstalk of STATs with other cellular signaling pathways.

In cells activated with IFN gamma, IFN gamma was found to as part of a complex that contained STAT1 alpha and the importin-alpha analog Npi-1, which mediates STAT1 alpha nuclear import.

Existing data have shown the association and coordination between STATs and SMADs in mediating TGF-β functions in hepatic cells, but it is not clear how STATs are activated under these circumstances.

Finally, using a cellular system mimicking constitutive active STAT5-induced cell transformation, we demonstrated that SFN can reverse the survival and growth advantage mediated by oncogenic STAT5 and triggers cell death, therefore providing experimental evidence of a cancer chemopreventive activity of SFN.

Finally, we found that calyculin A, a pharmacological inhibitor of protein phosphatase 2 A (PP2A) and PP1 abolishes the repression of STAT1 phosphorylation mediated by PGC-1α, suggesting a new mechanism of PGC-1α in regulating STAT1/IRF-1 pathway.

The Janus kinase (JAK)-signal transducer and activator of transcription (STAT) pathway mediates signalling by numerous cytokines and hormones that regulate adipocyte function, illustrating the physiological importance of adipose JAK-STAT.

Here, we report that GdX (UBL4A) promotes STAT3 dephosphorylation via mediating the interaction between TC45 (the nuclear isoform of TC-PTP) and STAT3 specifically.

We analyzed infections caused by MCMV expressing or lacking the STAT2 antagonist pM27 in STAT2-deficient and control mice to evaluate its importance for the host and the virus in vitro and in vivo The inability to counteract STAT2 directly translates into exaggerated IFN susceptibility in vitro and pronounced attenuation in vivo Thus, the antiviral activity mediated by IFNs via STAT2-dependent signaling drove the development of a potent MCMV-encoded STAT2 antagonist which became indispensable for efficient virus replication and spread to organs required for dissemination.

Induction of IL-24 expression was accompanied by cell-specific recruitment of STAT6 and STAT4 to multiple sites that we identified within Il24, which mediated STAT-dependent histone modifications across the gene.

Gene profiling and biochemical analyses indicated that BMP10 activates the SMAD-mediated canonical pathway and, unexpectedly, also the signal transducer and activator of transcription 3 (STAT3)-mediated signaling pathway both in vivo and in vitro Additional findings further supported the notion that BMP10\s cardioprotective function likely is due to its dual activation of SMAD- and STAT3-regulated signaling pathways, promoting cardiomyocyte survival and suppressing cardiac fibrosis.

Our results demonstrate that specific NLSs in STATs mediate direct interactions of STAT dimers with importin alpha, which activates the nuclear import process.

Although IFN-induced nuclear import of STATs is mediated by the importin/Ran transport system, no classic nuclear localization signal (NLS) has been found in STATs.

Intriguingly, STAT1Y701F suppresses the delayed expression of IFN-I-stimulated genes (ISG) observed in Stat1(-/-) cells mediated by the STAT2/IRF9 complex.

Activation of STAT3 mediates tumor cell proliferation, survival, motility, invasion, and angiogenesis, and recent work demonstrates that STAT3 activation suppresses antitumor immune responses and supports tumor-promoting inflammation.

Importantly, silibinin pretreatment inhibited cytokine mixture-induced phosphorylation of STAT3, STAT1, and Erk1/2, NF-κB-DNA binding, and expression of COX2, iNOS, matrix metalloproteinases (MMP) 2, and MMP9, which was mediated through impairment of STAT3 and STAT1 nuclear localization.

However, galectin-3 significantly induced phosphorylation of STATs in glial cells from IFN-γ-deficient mice, suggesting that IFN-γ does not mediate activation of STATs.

Remarkably, it is shown here that, in mouse embryo fibroblasts lacking STAT3, IL-6 mediates an IFN-gamma-like response including prolonged activation of STAT1, the induction of multiple IFN-gamma-inducible genes, the expression of class II MHC antigens, and an antiviral state.

Using bioinformatics tools, we found strong physical interactions between CXCR4 and four microglia related genes, namely CXCL12, TLR2, RALB, and CCR5.

We show in different cell types, including CD34(+) hematopoietic stem and progenitor cells, that inhibition of Rac1 causes a reversible conformational change in CXCR4, but not in the related receptors CXCR7 or CCR5.

In a two-step strategy, we tested the hypothesis that prognostic value of CXCR4 in DLBCL relates to rituximab treatment, due to a hampering effect of CXCR4 on the response of DLBCL cells to rituximab.

The inverse relation between expression of miR-139-5p and CXCR4 might be related to the fact that miR-139-5p negatively regulates CXCR4 expression by virtue of direct binding.

Silibinin upregulated the gene expression of stem cell related markers CXCR4, SDF-1, SCF, and c-Kit, inflammatory markers IL-6 and TNFα, mesenchymal stem cell (MSC)-related markers CD44 and CD29, and the granulocyte/monocyte-macrophage marker CD14 in cultured BM in PAH rats, but not in normal rats, except CXCR4.

Evaluating gene expression from post-mortem brain tissue, we found that expression of CXCR4 and microglial genes functionally related to CXCR4 was dysregulated across a number of neurodegenerative diseases.

Small molecules have shown potential as CXCR4 inhibitors and modulators, and therefore can mitigate diseases related to the CXCR4-CXCL12 pathway.

In contrast to CD8(+) T-cell tolerance, which could be induced by MDSCs in all the tumor models tested, CD4(+) T-cell tolerance could be elicited in only one of the models (MC38) in which a substantial level of MHC class II was expressed on MDSCs compared with control myeloid cells.

In vivo depletion of lymphocytes indicated that CD8+ T cells were essential in the antitumor activity induced by B16/CCL21-Te-Fc plus anti-4-1BB MAbs, whereas NK cells and CD4+ T cells played substantial roles.

Both primary and long-lasting self/TERT-specific CD8(+) T-cell responses induced with Iv-hTERT vector required the presence of CD4 T cells in vivo.

Interestingly, degranulation and IFN-gamma production in CD8(+) T cells was induced by coculture with autologous CD14(+) cells, but not CD4(+) T cells, of HAM/TSP patients, which correlated with proviral DNA load in CD14(+) cells of infected patients.

CD8 T-cell responses were induced mostly after DNA immunization while CD4 T-cell responses were predominant in protein based immunizations.

In contrast, in vivo depletion of CD4+ T cells prior to ABC administration enhanced DC maturation to induce systemic ABC-reactive CD8+ T cells with an effector-like and skin-homing phenotype along with CD8+ infiltration and inflammation in drug-sensitized skin.

We identified overlapping 99.39 % conserved 1 CD8+ T-cell epitope (MMHPSFAGM) from N protein and 100 % conserved 7 epitopes (AVFALAPVV, LAVFALAPV, FALAPVVFA, VFALAPVVF, IAMTVLPAL, FFDWFSGLM, and FLLIYLGRT) from G protein and also identified IL-4 and IFN-γ induced (99.39 % conserved) 1 N protein CD4+ T-cell epitope (HMMHPSFAGMVDPSL) and 100 % conserved 5 G protein CD4+ T-cell epitopes (LPALAVFALAPVVFA, PALAVFALAPVVFAE, GIAMTVLPALAVFAL, GSWNFFDWFSGLMSW, and FFLLIYLGRTGLSKM).

CD8+CD28- T cells sorted from CHB patients induced enhanced apoptosis of peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC), including CD4+ T cells.

Loss of CTSS activity reduces lymphoma growth by limiting communication with CD4+ T follicular helper cells while inducing antigen diversification and activation of CD8+ T\240\cells.

CD4+ T cells are essential for inducing optimal CD8+ T cell and antibody-producing B cell responses and maintaining their long-term immunological memory.

Moreover, GITR selectively up-regulated CXCR6 on the less differentiated CX3CR1lo CD8+ T cell subsets and induced a small but significant increase in CD127 selectively on the Ly6Clo CD4+ T cell subset.

Here, we report that thiostrepton (TSR), a proteasome inhibitor, reactivates latent HIV-1 effectively in cellular models and in primary CD4+ T cells from ART-suppressed individuals ex vivo TSR does not induce global T cell activation, severe cytotoxicity, or CD8+ T cell dysfunction, making it a prospective LRA candidate.

the former increased CCL22, which recruits CD4+ regulatory T cells, and the latter decreased CXCL10 and CCL5, which induce CD8+ T cell infiltration.

Vaccination with znBAZ potently stimulated CD8+ T cells, whereas mucosal vaccination with RB51 induced mostly CD4+ T cells.

Robust CD8+ T cell responses were induced by immunization with the chimeric CD8+ T cell epitope virus-like particles, however CD4+ T cell responses were very low.

Peptide cancer vaccines stimulating CD4(+) T helper cells are often promising for inducing immunological memory and persistent CD8(+) cytotoxic T cell responses.

Therefore, LECs serve as an antigen reservoir for CD4 T-cell tolerance, and MHC-II molecules on LECs are used to induce CD8 T-cell tolerance via LAG-3.

Our results indicate that route of infection and viral dose are two determinants for CD4 help dependence, and intranasal infection induces more potent effector CD8(+) T cells than i.

CD8+ induced regulatory T cells (iTregs) have been identified to suppress alloreactive immune responses and expressed regulatory T cell (Treg) ontological markers as similar as CD4+ iTregs.

Hence, the development of a T cell universal vaccine (incorporating both CD4+ and CD8+ T cell epitopes) that induces broad, multifunctional and cross-reactive CD8+ T cell responses maybe desirable.

HSV-2 treated with both types of NPs stimulated activation of JAWS II and memory CD8+ T cells, while TA-AgNPs treatment induced IFN-γ producing CD4+ and CD8+ T cells.

The DNA homologous prime boost vaccination elicited predominantly CD8+ T cells while the homologous MVA vaccination induced predominantly CD4+ T cells.

Injection of highly purified CD8 single positive T cells into mouse brain induced CD4(dim) CD8(bright) T cells by 10-fold, which were proliferative and exhibited a terminally differentiated effector memory phenotype.

We show for the first time that HIV-1 peptide-loaded, CD40L-matured DC from HIV-1 infected persons on ART induce IFN gamma production by CD8(+) T cells specific for a much broader range and magnitude of Gag and Nef epitopes than do peptides without DC.

In this study, we analyzed a TCR that binds Ag independently of CD8, a property generally preferred to induce tumor-specific T cell responses, and addressed the contribution of CD8alpha following introduction into TCR-transduced CD4+ T cells.

Immunization of HLA-A,0201 transgenic mice with these pooled peptides, with a universal CD4(+) epitope peptide called PADRE, formulated with adjuvant GLA-SE induced CD8(+) T cell IFN-γ production and protected against parasite challenge.

We demonstrate that a vaccine of HIV-1 subtype B consensus group-specific antigen (Gag) p24 protein with the CD8-inducing liposomal cationic adjuvant formulation (CAF) 5  induces both CD4 and CD8 T-cell responses in CB6F1 mice.

When HLA-B,0702 mice were immunized with one of the identified epitopes, GRA7(20-28) in conjunction with a universal CD4(+) T cell epitope (PADRE) and adjuvants (CD4(+) T cell adjuvant, GLA-SE, and TLR2 stimulatory Pam(2) Cys for CD8(+) T cells), this immunization induced CD8(+) T cells to produce IFN-γ and protected mice against high parasite burden when challenged with T gondii.

Purified CD8+T-cell\240\and NK cell populations alone, which secrete fγ, suffice to induce the AA phenotype, while CD4+T-cells aggravate it, and Tregs and iNKT cells may provide relative protection against AA development.

Polyfunctional HCV-specific CD8+ and CD4+ responses were induced with up to 30 % of CD3+CD8+ cells targeting single HCV epitopes.

These data suggest that TECs might regulate the immune response of tumor Ag-specific CD8+ T cells via the PD-1/PD-L1 pathway and induce immune suppressive CD4+ T cells in an Ag-specific manner, contributing to tumor immune evasion.

Furthermore, total and CD45(-) exosomes of high stage patients induced more apoptosis in CD8+ T cells than their low stage counterparts.

Facilitating cells (FC) are a CD8+ TCR- bone marrow subpopulation that enhance engraftment of purified hematopoietic stem cells (HSC) and induce antigen-specific CD4+ CD25+ FoxP3+ regulatory T cell (Treg) in vivo.

Cytotoxicity in dual-costimulated CD4 T cells depends on the T-box transcription factor eomesodermin (Eomes), which we report is induced via a mechanism that does not rely on IL-2, in contrast to CD8+ CTL, but rather depends on the CD8 T cell lineage commitment transcription factor Runx3, which supports Eomes expression in mature CD8+ CTLs.

All NS1-derived peptides were able to elicit IFN-γ production in CD4+ cells, while only a few peptides induced expression of this cytokine in CD8+ T lymphocytes.

In our studies with Myhc334-352-induced experimental autoimmune myocarditis in A/J mice (H-2a), we discovered that Myhc334-352, supposedly a CD4 T cell epitope, also induced antigen-specific CD8 T cells that transfer disease to naive animals.

These results demonstrate that HER-2/neu MHC class I epitopes can induce HER-2/neu peptide-specific IFN-gamma-producing CD8+ T cells.

We have concentrated on the analysis of CD8 cells and have found that BMA 30, when cross-linked together with anti-CD8 (T811)  induced proliferation more than 100-fold greater than BMA 30 alone, whereas cross-linking with antibodies to other T-cell membrane antigens (HLA-A, B, or CD5) provided no or marginal synergistic signals.

In this study, we have identified a peptide sequence derived from the CNS-specific myelin protein proteolipid protein (PLP) which could bind to HLA-A3 and induce a HLA-A3-restricted CD8+ CTL response from HLA-A3+ donors.

We have previously shown that vaccination of HLA-A2 metastatic melanoma patients with the analogue Melan-A(26-35(A27L)) peptide emulsified in a mineral oil induces ex vivo detectable specific CD8 T cells.

Lastly, CD8+ T cell responses specific to gD53-61, gD70-78, and gD278-286 epitopes were induced in HLA-A,0201 transgenic mice following ocular or genital infection with either HSV-1 or HSV-2.

Five MOG peptides, which bound stably to HLA-A,0201 exhibited strong immunogenicity by inducing a sizeable MOG-specific HLA-A,0201-restricted CD8(+) T cell response in vivo.

Our findings demonstrated that soluble HLA-A2 dimer could efficiently induce the tolerant CD8(low) CD28(-) T cells with alloantigen-specific suppression on alloreactive T cells.

Whether disease is the result of selective MHC binding of enteric antigens uniquely capable of inducing disease, lack of appropriate induction of a CD8+ suppressor cell population, or skewed cytokine (IL-12, IL-18) secretion by APCs remains to be determined.

The CD8 T cells induced to bm12 allografts in CCR5-deficient recipients were reactive to peptides spanning the 3 aa difference in the I-A(bm12) versus I-A(b) β-chains presented by K(b) and D(b) class I MHC molecules.

In the present study, we aimed to evaluate the immune responses of peptide-specific CD8(+) T cells induced by HLA-A,0201 restricted severe acute respiratory syndrome-associated coronavirus (SARS-CoV) S epitopes plus CpG oligodeoxynucleotide (CpG ODN), PolyI:C and R848 as adjuvants.

On the contrary, NKG2D triggering of these CD8+ T cell clones induced recognition of allogeneic CRC lines showing high expression of MICA and ULBP.

Culture of PBMC with immobilized NKG2D-specific mAb or NKG2D ligand MHC class I related protein A (MICA) induces the up-regulation of CD69 and CD25 in NK and Vgamma9 Vdelta2 but not in CD8 T cells.

Soluble MHC-peptide complexes, commonly referred to as tetramers, have been shown to induce strong cross-linking of TCR and CD8, resulting in a vigorous activation followed by a rapid non-apoptotic CD8(+) T cell death.

We found that the peptide CEA(694-702) binds weakly to HLA-A,0201 molecules and is ineffective at inducing specific CD8+ T-cell responses in healthy donors.

Five and four peptides from H and F, respectively, bound to HLA-A2 molecules in a T2-binding assay, and four from H and two from F could induce peptide-specific CD8+ T cell responses in HLA-A2 transgenic mice.

To analyze the effect of an NY-ESO-1 expressing HCC cell line by NY-ESO-1b specific CD8(+) T cells in vitro induced by HLA-A2 Restricted NY-ESO-1b peptide and to further analyze the possibility of NYjESOj1 as a vaccine in HCC treatment.

Peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) were obtained from an HLA-A2(+) HCC patient and NY-ESO-1 specific CD8(+) T cells were in vitro induced by HLA-A2 Restricted NY-ESO-1b peptide.

The ability of these HLA-A,2601-binding peptides to induce peptide-specific CD8(+) T cells was tested by stimulating PBMCs from HIV-1-infected individuals having HLA-A,2601 with these peptides.

A 3-day treatment of monocytes, obtained as adherent PBMCs from HLA-A,0201(+) healthy donors, with IFN-alpha and GM-CSF led to the differentiation of DCs displaying a semimature phenotype, but promptly inducing CD8(+) T cell responses after one in vitro sensitization with peptides derived from melanoma (gp100(209-217) and MART-1/Melan-A(27-35)) and adenocarcinoma (CEA(605-613)) Ags.

To search for HLA-A,0201 restricted peptides that induce HOM-MEL-40/SSX2-specific CD8+ responses in breast cancer patients, we used the SYFPEITHI algorithm to identify three HOM-MEL-40/SSX2-derived nonamers with high binding affinity for HLA-A,0201, which has a prevalence of 40 % in the Caucasian population.

Major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class I presentation of exogenous antigens is the mechanism enabling professional antigen-presenting cells (APCs) to induce CD8+ T-cell responses against viruses and tumors that do not have access to the classical MHC class I pathway.

We demonstrate that the supra-abundant HLA-A,0201-restricted peptide KLWESPQEI of the measles virus nonstructural C protein induces strong gamma interferon CD8(+)-T-cell responses in children with acute measles.

There is convincing evidence that soluble HLA-A-B-C (sHLA-A-B-C) and soluble HLA-G (sHLA-G) antigens can induce apoptosis in CD8(+) activated T cells although there is scanty and conflicting information about the mechanism(s) by which sHLA-A-B-C antigens and sHLA-G antigens induce apoptosis.

In addition, we also show, using PBMCs isolated from healthy volunteer blood, that target an MUC1 HLA-A2 epitope to human DNGR-1 in vitro can induce an MUC1-specific CD8(+)-T-cell response, which confirms the relevance of our in vivo murine results in the human setting.

Furthermore, CD8+ T cells directed to these twelve peptides were induced in HLA-A,0201 transgenic mice following immunization with these peptides.

HLA-A11-transgenic mice immunized with these epitopes could specifically induce interferon-gamma (IFNgamma) production, cytotoxicity and peptide/HLA-A11 tetramer binding in CD8(+) T-cells.

We showed that A2-CAR CD8+ Tregs were more potent suppressors of immune responses induced by HLA-A,02 mismatch than control-CAR CD8+ Tregs, both in vitro and in vivo, in models of human skin graft rejection and graft-versus-host disease (GVHD) in NOD.

Immunodominant WT1 epitopes, the native HLA-A2/WT1126-134 (RMFPNAPYL) (HLA-A2/RMFPNAPYL epitope (WT1A)) and its modified variant YMFPNAPYL (HLA-A2/YMFPNAPYL epitope (WT1B)), can induce WT1-specific CD8+ T cells, although WT1B is more stably bound to HLA-A,02:01.

In HLA-A,0201-positive donors, s-Poly-I:C treatment was able to induce CD8+ T cell immune responses against HPV16-derived peptides.

Immunization with " ASYMP" CD8(+) TEM cell epitopes, but not with " SYMP" CD8(+) TCM cell epitopes induced a strong protective HSV-specific CD8(+) T cell response in HLA-A,02:01 transgenic mice.

From a leukemia cell line, we identified a CDK4-derived peptide epitope, UNC-CDK4-1 (ALTPVVVTL), that bound HLA-A,02:01 with high affinity and could induce CD8⁺ T-cell responses in vitro.

4 H-2Kd and 5 HLA-A,0201 restricted peptides were able to induce specific CD8 T cell responses in BALB/C and HLA-A2/DR1 mice respectively.

Potent CD8+ T cell responses specific for a single immunogenic epitope are induced upon electrovaccination with plasmid DNA encoding the full-length heavy chain of the human HLA-Cw3 molecule.

HLA-A2 binding was confirmed for all peptides by T2 cell binding assays and recall responses after vaccination with the peptides proved that 5 of 6 peptides could induce CD8 T cell responses.

Major histocompatibility complex class I (MHC I) positive selection of CD8+ T cells in the thymus requires that T cell antigen receptor (TCR) signaling end in time for cytokines to induce Runx3d, the CD8-lineage transcription factor.

We generated a new TS vaccine in which the immunodominant TS CD8+ epitope MHC anchoring positions were mutated, rendering the mutant TS vaccine incapable of inducing immunity to the immunodominant CD8 epitope.

(3) The CD8 T cell response induced by Myhc338-348 was antigen-specific, as evaluated by MHC class I/H-2Dd dextramer staining.

In contrast to all other organs, the SG is resistant to CD8(+) T-cell mediated control of MCMV replication due to virally induced MHC class I downregulation, which is exceptionally efficient in acinar glandular epithelial cells.

Thus, IL-7 level is the primary limiting factor that constrains naïve CD8+ T cell HP during GVHD, and accessibility of MHC class I on stromal cells explains how IL-7 therapy, as a single agent, can induce robust CD8 + T cell HP in the absence of DCs.

Oncolytic viruses (OVs), known for their cancer-killing characteristics, also overturn tumor-associated defects in antigen presentation through the MHC class I pathway and induce protective neo-antitumor CD8 T cell responses.

AAV-mediated long-term expression of a single MHC class I molecule in the liver induces the generation of a subset of allo-specific CD8+ Treg cells, which promote tolerance toward fully allogeneic graft.

These findings also supported through the evidence that this antigen was processed and presented by major histocompatibility complex class I (MHC-1) dependent pathway and had an immunoprophylactic potential which can induce CD8+ T cell protective immune response in MHC class I dependent manner against VL.

Interestingly, MHC-I-associated peptides carrying these tCP-dependent motifs are enriched with low-affinity TCR ligands that efficiently induce the positive selection of functionally competent CD8(+) T cells in antigen-specific TCR-transgenic models.

Future rational CD8 cytotoxic T-cell-based vaccines may follow, targeting virally induced cancers, other nonviral immunogenic tumors, and potentially even nonimmunogenic tumors whose peptide display can be purposely altered by MHC-binding drugs to stimulate immune attack.

We have previously shown that for the majority of antigens, adenoviral vaccines expressing the target antigen fused to the MHC associated invariant chain (Ii) induce an accelerated, augmented, and prolonged transgene-specific CD8(+) T-cell response.

Therefore, therapeutic vaccines based on MHC-I presented peptide epitopes could, theoretically induce CD8(+) T cell responses that have tangible clinical impacts on tumor eradication and patient survival.

However, most peptides predicted using MHC binding prediction algorithms do not induce a CD8 + T cell response, and there is a crucial need to refine the predictions to readily identify the best antigens that could mediate T-cell responses.

MHC I-restricted presentation induces CD8+ T cell responses, which have a major role in limiting HIV infection.

However, the 227 mutant class I-peptide complexes in the presence of another MHC class I molecule (H-2K(b)) (that cannot present the peptide) with a normal alpha3 domain can induce the activation of CD8(+) CTL.

Moreover, in HSV-infected humanized HLA-A,0201 transgenic mice, the gK 8 mer epitope induced strong IFN-gamma-producing cytotoxic CD8(+) T-cell responses, as assessed by CD107a/b expression and IFN-gamma ELISAs.

Furthermore, we demonstrate that HER2-TEXO vaccine stimulates responses of CD8(+) T cells capable of not only inducing killing activity to HLA-A2(+) HER2(+) BL6-10A2/HER2 melanoma and trastuzumab-resistant BT474A2 breast cancer cells in vitro but also eradicating 6-day palpable HER2(+) BT474A2 breast cancer (3-4 \240\mm in diameter) in athymic nude mice.

The MHC class I-related molecules MICA and MICB are induced by oxidative stress and have been reported to activate NK cells and co-stimulate CD8(+) T cells.

MICA/B is readily induced by cell transformation and serves as a danger signal and ligand to alert NK and activated CD8+ T cells.

IFN-γ enhances the expression of MICA in HCECs by modulating miRNA4448 and NFκB/P65 levels, thereby contributing to HCEC apoptosis induced by NK and CD8+ T cells.

Recombinant MICB induced a significant decrease in the levels of NKG2D receptor on effector NK and CD8+ T cells, which correlated with an impaired cytotoxic function.

The MICA-129Met variant also induced a faster and stronger down-regulation of NKG2D on NK and CD8(+) T cells than the MICA-129Val isoform.

Adoptive transfer with MHC class Ib- or MHC class Ia-binding peptide-pulsed BM-derived DC from Tyk2-/- mice induced lower levels of the Ag-specific CD8+ Tc1 cells producing IFN-gamma.

We found that 31 of 110 HIV-1 peptides bound to HLA-A,2603 and that only two peptides (Gag169-177 and Env63-72) induced specific CD8+T cells by stimulating peripheral blood mononuclear leukocytes from HIV-1-infected individuals carrying HLA-A,2603.

Four HLA-A,2601-binding peptides induced peptide-specific CD8 T cells.

Analyses of the magnitude and breadth of cellular responses demonstrated that immunization of HLA-A2/K(b) transgenic mice with the hGagp17p24-Polp51 construct induced 2-to 5-fold higher CD8+ T-cell responses to Gag p17-, p24-, and Pol reverse transcriptase (RT)-specific CTL epitopes than the full-length hGag-PolDeltaFsDeltaPr counterpart.

1 epitope and the HLA-A2 molecule induced a significant expansion of epitope-specific CD8+ CTLs that recognize the same HLA- A2+/Mam-A2.

After human DYST DNA transfer in muscle of HLA-A,0201 mice, only the human DYST1281 epitope, located in the spectrin-like repeat 9 domain induced strong CD8(+) CTL responses.

Moreover, immunization of a novel herpes-susceptible HLA-A,02:01 transgenic mouse model with ASYMP epitopes, but not with SYMP epitopes induced strong CD8(+) T cell-dependent protective immunity against ocular herpes infection and disease.

Stimulation of peripheral blood mononuclear cells from HLA-A,24:02+ donors with each of these synthetic peptides induced peptide-specific CD8(+) T-cells for three peptides.

Although these complexes were highly stable, they very rapidly dissociated in the presence of imidazole, which allowed sorting of bona fide antigen-specific CD8+ T cells without inducing T cell death as well as assessment of HLA-A2-peptide monomer dissociation kinetics on CD8+ T cells.

Immunization of HLA-A,0201 mice with the Old World peptide LASV GPC(441-449) or LCMV GPC(447-455) induced high-avidity CD8(+) T-cell responses that were able to kill syngeneic target cells pulsed with either LASV GPC(441-449) or LCMV GPC(447-455) in vivo and provided significant protection against viral challenge with LCMV.

Oral immunizations of HLA-A,0201 transgenic mice with recombinant SL3261 strains encoding NY-ESO-1 p157-165 or p157-167 induced NY-ESO-1 p157-165-specific CD8(+) T cells, detected by an HLA-A,0201 pentamer, and induced a T-cell response detected by an enzyme-linked immunospot assay.

Liposomal conjugates with peptide M1 58-66, an HLA-A,0201-binding CTL epitope present within the amino-acid sequence of the M1 coding region, successfully induced antigen-specific CD8(+) T-cells and CTLs in HLA-A,0201-transgenic mice.

When peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) from HLA-A,2402 HCMV-seropositive donors were sensitized with each of the 12 mini-pools, mini-pools 1 and 2 induced the highest frequency of CD8+ cytotoxic T lymphocytes (CTLs) producing IFN-gamma.

Of relevance to vaccine development was the finding that a minimal CD8+ T cell peptide epitope from HPV was not able to induce HLA-A2.

In HSV-infected " humanized" HLA-A,0201 transgenic mice, this gK 8 mer induced strong IFN-γ-producing cytotoxic CD8+ T cell responses.

Stimulation of peripheral blood mononuclear cells from HLA-A,0201+ donors with each of these peptides induced peptide-specific CD8+ T cells.

Moreover, immunization of HLA-A,02:01 transgenic mice with the three CD8+ TEM-cell epitopes from ASYMP individuals induced robust and polyfunctional HSV-specific CD8+ TEM cells associated with strong protective immunity against ocular herpesvirus infection and disease.

Moreover, immunization of humanized HLA-A,02:01 transgenic mice with the three CD8+ TEM-cell epitopes from ASYMP individuals induced robust and polyfunctional HSV-specific CD8+ T cells associated with strong protective immunity against ocular herpesvirus infection and disease.

Moreover, immunization of HLA-A,02:01 transgenic mice with the three ASYMP CD8(+) TEM cell epitopes induced robust and polyfunctional epitope-specific CD8(+) TEM cells that were associated with a strong protective immunity against ocular herpes infection and disease.

(iii) Immunization of an HLA-A,02:01 transgenic mouse model of ocular herpes with " ASYMP" CD8(+) TEM cell epitopes, but not with " SYMP" CD8(+) TCM cell epitopes induced a strong CD8(+) T cell-dependent protective immunity against ocular herpes infection and disease.

The CD56(high+) IFN-DCs possessing HLA-A,0201 effectively induced Mart-1-modified melanoma peptide (A27L)-specific CD8+ T cells through preferential expansion of CD56+ Vγ9γδT cells in the presence of A27L, zoledronate and IL-2.

Previously, we developed HLA-B,57:01 transgenic mice and found that topical application of abacavir to the ears induced proliferation of CD8+ lymphocytes in local lymph nodes.

Recent studies have identified the HLA-B(∗) 57 : 1 allele as a risk factor for floxacillin (FLUX)-induced liver injury and have suggested a role for cytotoxic CD8(+) T cells in the pathomechanism of liver injury caused by FLUX.

In vitro data demonstrated that recipient CD8(+) T cells directly induce apoptosis of alloprimed IgG1(+) B cells in co-culture in an allospecific and MHC class I-dependent fashion.

The expression of CIITA, a key interferon/STAT1 dependent MHC-class II regulator is induced by IFNα in lupus CD8+ T cells, but not healthy controls.

The expression of CIITA, a key interferon/STAT1 dependent MHC-class II regulator, is induced by IFNα in lupus CD8+ T cells, but not healthy controls.

In addition, these three MHC-class I-binding peptides induced the expression of CD107a in CD8(+) T cells, an indirect marker of cytotoxic activity.

We show that insulin reactivity by a CD8(+) T-cell clone, known to induce type 1 diabetes, is characterized by weak T-cell antigen receptor binding to a relatively unstable peptide-MHC.

We show that CD8+ T cells specific for tumor antigen/MHC-I were efficient at inducing regression of the MHC-I-deficient melanoma, provided that the T cells were endowed with properties permitting their migration into the tumor and their efficient production of IFNγ.

Among additional known mechanisms involved in tumor resistance to CD8 T-cell immunity, alterations in transporter associated with antigen processing (TAP) play a major role by inducing a sharp decrease in surface expression of MHC-I/β2m-peptide complexes, enabling malignant cells to evade cytotoxic T lymphocyte (CTL)-mediated killing.

Out of 110 HIV-1 peptides carrying HLA-A(,) 26 anchor residues, only the Gag169-177 peptide, which had been previously identified as an HLA-A(,) 2601-and HLA-A(,) 2603-restricted immunodominant epitope induced Gag169-177-specific CD8(+) T cells from only two of six HLA-A(,) 2602 (+) HIV-1-infected individuals.

On a more positive note, our results suggest that MHC-I-restricted CD8(+) T cells contribute to the protection induced by the live-attenuated SIV vaccine and demonstrate that vaccine-induced CD8(+) T cell responses can control replication of heterologous challenge viruses.

The presence of alloreactive CD4+ TCR Tg cells enhanced the potential of CD8+ TCR Tg cells to cause GVHD in recipients with an intermediate-, but not with a high-, affinity alloantigen.

While the therapeutic vaccine primed the tumor-reactive CD8+ CTLs and CD4+ effector T lymphocytes (Teffs) compartment, inducing activation, tumor infiltration, and tumor rejection or delay in tumor growth, treatment with Ontak 1 day prior to vaccination resulted in enhanced CD4+ and CD8+ T-cell-mediated vaccine-specific immune responses in the periphery.

Codelivering the antigenic peptides with different heterologous CD4 T cell helper epitopes enhanced e6-specific (but not e3- or e8-specific) CD8 T cell responses.

Proliferation of CD4+ T cells were enhanced in patients using miltefosine and in CD8+ T cells when GM-CSF was associated.

The potent mDCs produced a higher level of interleukin (IL)-12 p70 and polarized naive CD4(+) T cells more towards Th1-type cells, markedly increased antigen-specific CD8(+) T-cell number and significantly enhanced the induction of lytic enzymes in antigen-specific CD8(+) CTLs and sensitized CD3(+) T cells to produce higher number of interferon (IFN) γ-secreting cells.

CCR5 activation in CD4(+) cells resulted in CD40L upregulation, leading to full maturation of antigen-presenting cells and enhanced CD8(+) T-cell crosspriming and tumor infiltration.

FTY720 therapy affected the cytokine production from CD4 T cells and also enhanced the relative frequency of cells producing both TNF-α and IFN-γ from MAITs, CD8 T cells, and CD4 T cells compared with that in untreated subjects.

Antigenic stimulation induced rapid up-regulation of NKG2D on CD4CD28(-) and CD4CD28 T-cells, whereas TNF-α and interleukin-15 enhanced NKG2D expression on senescent CD4 and CD8 T-cells only.

To rescue the defect in AS patients, CD24(+) CD38(+) B cells were pretreated by CD40 and BCR stimulation, which enhanced CD24(+) CD38(+) B cell-mediated memory CD8(+) T cell suppression.

Consistent with these observations, CD8+ T cells were found to acquire high frequency of cells with polyfunctionality when stimulated in conditions known to enhance memory formation, such as the presence of CD4+ T cells, interleukin (IL)-2, or IL-21.

We found that B cell depletion prevented the development of memory alloresponses by CD4+ T cells but enhanced that of CD8+ memory T cells.

Intranasal vaccination of the mice twice at an interval of 4 weeks notably elicited TB antigen-specific CD4+ and CD8+ T cell responses in the lung and SIgA secretion in the pulmonary mucosa, and significantly enhanced the percentage of double-functional CD8+ T cells (IFN-γ+ TNF-α+ CD8+).

Strikingly, DCs from BALB/c mice cocultured with CD83-deficient CD4+ conventional T cells showed enhanced CD40 expression and IL-12 secretion compared with DCs cocultured with CD4+ conventional T cells from CD83flox/flox/CD4-crewt/wt wild-type mice.

These alterations resulted in reduced thymic cellularity in early life, a reduction in CD4 single-positive and CD8 single-positive numbers in both young and adult mice, and enhanced peripheral CD8+ T cell survival upon TCR stimulation.

One substitution, T for S at position 112 (S112T), enhanced tumor cell recognition by CD8(+) lymphocytes, and a second dually substituted receptor (S112T L110F) enhanced tumor cell recognition by CD4(+) T cells.

In vitro, platelet-derived soluble CD84 enhanced motility of wild-type, but not of Cd84-/- CD4+ T cells suggesting homophilic CD84 interactions to drive this process.

Depletion of CD8+ T cells from PBMCs enhanced the yield of maC46-transduced CD4+ T cells.

Glatiramer may suppress autoreactive CD4+ effector memory T cells and enhance CD8+ regulatory responses, and bystander modulation of CKRs may occur in the periphery.

In inflamed lymph nodes, Ag-specific CD4(+) and CD8(+) T cells encounter Ag-bearing dendritic cells and, together, this complex enhances the release of CCL3 and CCL4, which facilitate additional interaction with naive CD8(+) T cells.

Three out of 14 PDS revealed high levels of CD8-positive tumor-infiltrating T-lymphocytes (TILs), also showing elevated levels of immune-related cytokines such as IL1A, IL2, as well as markers that were very recently linked to enhanced response of immunotherapy in malignant melanoma, including CD27, and CD40L.

Forced Twist2 expression perturbed CD4+ thymocyte differentiation while enhancing CD8+ thymocyte differentiation.

WNT974 increased the ratio of CD8+ T cells to T regulatory cells (Tregs) in tumors and enhanced the effector functions of infiltrating CD4+ and CD8+ T cells.

We previously showed that CD137 expression in CD4 T cells inhibits T1D, but its expression in CD8 T cells promotes disease development by intrinsically enhancing the accumulation of β-cell-autoreactive CD8 T cells.

1 monoclonal antibody (mAb), but not depleting anti-CD4/CD8 mAbs, equalized atherosclerotic burden, suggesting NK cells were involved in the enhanced disease in Cd47 deficient mice.

T cell-specific ablation of CD83 expression resulted in aggravated contact hypersensitivity reaction accompanied by enhanced CD4+ T cell activation.

As expected, SIV-specific CD8(+) T cells suppressed viral replication and eliminated the majority of SIV-infected CD4(+) T cells, and this killing was enhanced in CD4(+) T cells infected with the nef variants.

Although the introduction of the CD8 coreceptor enhanced the ability of CD4(+) T cells to recognize MDM2 in vitro, the improved self-antigen recognition abolished their ability to provide helper function in vivo.

Thus MHC class I-restricted CD4(+) T cells may enhance the efficacy of therapeutic TCR-engineered CD8(+) T cells and can be readily generated with the same TCR.

We have investigated multiple virus-specific CD8 T cell responses during infection and identified a subdominant CD8 T cell response that is numerically and functionally enhanced in the absence of CD4 T cell help.

CD4(+) T cells provide help to enhance and sustain cytotoxic CD8(+) T cell responses.

Elimination of CD8-positive cells enhanced growth of TC-1/A9 tumor transplants in both hybrid stains, whereas CD4+ cell depletion affected rejection of TC-1/A9 tumors in the B6-neg mice only.

Previously, we had demonstrated that combining radiation with either agonistic monoclonal antibody (mAb) to CD40 or a systemically administered TLR7 agonist could enhance CD8 T-cell-dependent protection against syngeneic murine lymphoma models.

Partial blockade of the CD80 molecule with a CTLA4-Ig fusion protein and with specific anti-CD80 mAbs on B-APCs enhanced the generation of CD4+ CTLs.

These findings suggest that the use of recombinant codon BCG construct with recombinant Vaccinia virus encoding CRF01_AE gag as the prime-boost HIV vaccine candidate, will induce CD4+ Th1 and CD8+ T cell cytokine secretions in addition to enhancing CD8+ CTL response.

These findings underscore that alloantigen affinity and CD4 help control the fate and pathogenicity of alloreactive CD8+ T cells in vivo.

While the proportion of activated splenic CD4\240\+\240\Foxp3- T cells expressing IFN-γ were similar in control and RPM-treated groups, RPM decreased the proportions ICOS+ and CD8+ IFN-γ\240\+\240\splenic T cells.

An increased number of T cells coexpressing CD4/PD1 and CD8/PD1 in MF compared to healthy controls (n=28) was found, and the T cells were significantly skewed toward an effector phenotype in both CD4+ and CD8+ subsets, consistent with a shift from a quiescent to an activated state.

Moreover, the infiltration of CD4+ T cells and CD8+ NKT cells in the control group increased compared with the sham group and TAK injection significantly suppressed the number of CD4+ T cells (sham 13.5 ± 3.5 × 10 (4) cells control 28.9 ± 15.4 × 10 (4) cells, TAK 11.8 ± 3.5 × 10 (4) cells) and the number of CD8+ NKT cells (sham 11.7 ± 5.4 × 10 (4) cells, control 30.1 ± 8.6 × 10 (4) cells, TAK 11.8 ± 2.9 × 10 (4) cells).

In this review, we provide an overview of the identification and characterization of CD4/CD8 cis-regulatory elements and present recent progress in our understanding of how these cis-regulatory elements control CD4/CD8 expression during T cell development and in peripheral T cells.

NK cells, CD4+ T cells and interferon-γ were all found to be critical for tumor control while tumor infiltrating CD8+ T cells became disabled by an immunosuppressive microenvironment.

Interestingly, while CD4 T cells were not required for acute control of MHV-68 in the lung, CD8 T cell-mediated control was progressively lost in the absence of CD4 T cell help, leading to viral recrudescence.

Thus, CD4 T cells and IFNγ can control tumour growth without direct T-cell killing of tumour cells, and without requiring additional adaptive immune cells such as CD8 T cells and B cells.

In addition, experimental groups revealed a down-regulation of E-selectin (- 57 %) and MCP1 (- 33 %) expression after ICA pretreatment compared with controls, going along with decreased T-cell [ 1.4 % CD4+ T-cell infiltration vs 8.4 % (control) and 4.9 % CD8+ T-cell infiltration vs 10.7 % (control) ], dendritic cell (0.6 % dendritic cells infiltration vs 1.9 % infiltration(control) ] and macrophage infiltration [ 4.8 % macrophages (ICA) vs 10.9 % (control) ] within vascular grafts.

There is substantial evidence for the importance of CD4 T cells in control of tuberculosis, but the evidence for a requirement for CD8 T cells in this infection has not been proven in humans.

CD4 T cells are required for complete immune control of long-term infection, in part by providing key signals to dendritic cells that in turn instruct optimal antiviral CD8 T cell responses.

Complementary to its impact on CD4+ T-cell CNS autoimmunity and myelin repair, our findings further suggest that HGF treatment could be exploited to control CD8+ T-cell-mediated, MHC I-restricted autoimmune dysfunctions such as MS.

CD8+ T cells controlled epithelial infection, but CD4+ T cells and IFNγ were required to control myeloid cell infection.

Thus, the quality as well as quantity of CD8+ CTL determines the completeness of immunosurveillance and is controlled by CD4 T cells but not solely Th2 cytokines.

Vaccinated mice that lacked both B cells (microMT) and CD8(+) T cells controlled virus, but control was lost when CD4(+) T cells were depleted.

Data show significantly lower levels of CD45RA, and an increase in the CD45RO/CD45RA ratio, on CD4+ T cells in patients diagnosed with probable Alzheimer\s disease (n=46) and in cognitively abnormal individuals (n=37) compared to age-matched normal participants (n=90).

This phenomenon is associated with increased expression of membrane-bound CD40 with its cognate ligand, CD40 ligand (CD40L), as well as increased circulating levels of soluble forms of CD40 (sCD40) and CD40L (sCD40L).

MVC resulted in less improvement in the CD4 : CD8 ratio driven by greater increase in CD4 cell count but smaller decline in CD8 cell count.

Furthermore, although AP4-deficient CD8(+) T cells appeared to normally down-regulate CD4 expression, AP4 deficiency significantly increased the frequency of CD4-expressing effector/memory CD8(+) T cells in mice harboring point mutations in the Cd4 silencer.

Besides, increased miR-149 methylation, higher ALP activity and OCN content, decreased positive rates of CD44 and CD90, and increased positive rates of CD14 and CD45 were found in osteogenic differentiation of MSCs.

We observed a significant decrease in CD4+ naive and an increase in CD4+ memory T cells in autistic children.

On the basis of this and other findings such as increased numbers of CD3+ and CD4+ cells, an increased ratio of CD4+/CD8+ cells, and a reduced level of suppressor cell activity in schizophrenia and endogenous depression, we investigated the influence of the human leukocyte antigen-Class I (HLA-A, HLA-B, HLA-C) system on the altered immune function and evaluated the relationship to immune function of a family history of psychiatric disorders.

In addition, where an effect of HLA-AB matching on cellular infiltration was found, CD8+, but not CD4+ cells, were significantly increased in number, while when an HLA-DR matching effect was seen, a significant increase was observed in the CD4+ and not the CD8+ infiltration.

Following vaccination, patients generated weak to no CD4(+) or CD8(+) T-cell response specific to the vaccine antigen but demonstrated increases in effector-memory (CCR7(lo) CD45RA(lo)) tetramer(+) CD8(+) T cells.

control) and CXCR5(+) CD4(+) Tfh cells (P = 0.04), but increased foxp3(+) CD4(+) (Treg) cells in the CD4(+) population (P = 0.04 vs.

Only in these patients, the vaccine-specific CD4+ T-cell activation (CD38+/HLA-DR+) was paralleled by an increase in TT-induced CD4+/CD38low/CD127high memory T cells.

Such suppression manifests the erosion of CD4+CD8+ double-positive (DP) immature thymocytes and a gradual increase in CD4-CD8- double negative (DN) early T-cell progenitors.

Further analyses of Treg CD4+ lymphocyte sub-populations in hemophilia B mice reveal a marked increase in the frequency of CD4+CD25-FoxP3-LAP+ T cells (but not of CD4+CD25+FoxP3+ T cells) in the lamina propria of the small but not large intestine.

Furthermore, compared to sham-inoculated chickens, chickens in the HVT-RD had an increased percentage of CD3+ T cells and CD4+ T-helper cells, and increased expression of major histocompatibility complex (MHC)-II on most cell subsets (CD45+ cells, non-T leukocytes, T cells and the CD8+ and T cell receptor γδ T-cell subsets).

RT increased PD-L1 expression on CD8+ T, CD4+ T, dendritic, myeloid-derived suppressor cells (MDSCs), and tumor cells and increased PD-1 expression on CD8+ and CD4+ T cells.

Lower baseline CD4 count and rapid increase in CD4 count are the major risk factors associated with the occurrence of paradoxical TB-IRIS.

Interestingly, regulatory T cell (CD4+CD25+CD127lo) frequency was maintained after desensitization in addition to increased frequency of naïve CD4 T cells (CCR7+CD45RA+) and naïve B cells (IgD+CD27-CD20+) in circulation.

Besides inducing T-cell proliferation and cytolytic activity, AMG 701 also promoted differentiation of patient T cells to central memory, effector memory, and stem cell-like memory (scm) phenotypes, more so in CD8 vs CD4 T subsets, resulting in increased CD8/CD4 ratios in 7-day ex vivo cocultures.

In the present study, we show that Cul3 is expressed in HIV-1 target cells, such as CD4+ T cells, monocytes, and macrophages and depletion of Cul3 using siRNA or CRISPR/Cas9 increases HIV-1 infection in immortalized cells and primary CD4+ T cells.

Lower median CD4+ counts and a dramatic increase in volumes of CD4+ tests performed from 2007 onwards revealed a high burden of advanced and very advanced HIV disease in patients accessing care in Lephalale.

The total numbers of CD3+, CD3+/CD4+ T-Helper, CD3+/CD8+ cytotoxic T, CD3+/CD56+ natural killer and CD19+ B lymphocytes, and CD4+: CD8+ lymphocyte ratios were increased in all but one patient 30 d following the cytoreductive surgery-HIPEC procedure, and these increases were significant (P ≤ 0.05) for CD3+/CD4+ T Helper and CD3+/CD8+ cytotoxic T lymphocyte numbers.

αCTLA4 treatment induced an activated T cell profile, characterized by a decrease in naïve CD44-CD62L+CD4+ T cells and an increase in CD44+CD62L- CD4+ and CD8+ T cells in the blood and lymphoid organs.

A rapid decrease in C-reactive protein levels, circulating leukocytes and lymphocytes, spleen-derived CD4+ interferon-γ+ T-helper cells, and inflammatory cytokines, and a marked increase in neutrophils, monocytes, and CD4+CD25+FOXP3+ regulatory T-cells were observed during the acute phase.

This was associated with lower numbers of lung innate lymphocyte cells (ILC2s) and CD4+ T cells producing IL-5+ or IL-13+ and increased IFNγ+ CD4+ and CD8+ T cells, in addition to RSV F-specific CD8+ T cells.

The analysis of CD4+ cells showed an increased percentage of intracellular survivin in MG patients compared with controls, whereas the extracellular survivin CD4+ percentage was unaffected.

Immunotherapy targeting PD-1, CTLA-4, and IL-27 blocked CD4+ T cell exhaustion during malaria infection and was associated with elevated T-bet expression and a concomitant increased CD4+ T cell glycolytic metabolism.

In PWH, lower baseline CD4+ T-cell counts were associated with lower blood pressure, and greater increases in CD4+ T-cell counts on ART were associated with greater increases in blood pressure, both on average and within individuals.

TMB was associated with compartment-wide T cell differentiation skewing, characterized by loss of TCF7-expressing progenitor-like CD4 T cells, and an increased abundance of dysfunctional CD8 and CD4 T cell subsets, with significant phenotypic and transcriptional similarity to neoantigen-reactive CD8 T cells.

This increase depends on CD4(+) T cells, as no MCp increase occurs in the lungs of sensitized wild-type (WT) mice after mAb depletion of CD4(+) but not CD8(+) cells before aerosol Ag challenge.

IL-4 expression was examined in CD4(+) T cells from draining cervical lymph nodes 14 days after axotomy, and substantial increase in the production of both CD4(+) effector T cell subsets was found.

Likewise, in vivo depletion of CD4(+) CD25(+) T cells in BALB/c mice does not increase survival, demonstrating that CD4(+) CD25(+) cells do not regulate immunity.

Different from naive CD4(+) T cells, IL-12 increasing the generation of IL-21(+) IFN-γ(+) CD4(+) T cells from memory CD4(+) T cells was only involved in STAT-4 pathway but not STAT-1.

Further testing confirmed that compared with the control, 6 P treatment resulted in a considerable decrease in CD4(+), NF-κB p65(+), TNF-α(+), IL-6(+), GITR(+), and IL-17(+) cell populations and an increase in the Foxp3(+), CD4(+) Foxp3(+), and IκBα(+) populations in whole blood and pleural fluid of a mouse model of lung inflammation.

We observed that percentage of RORγt+ CD4+ T cells increase in relapsing phase while FOXP3+ CD4+ increase in remitting phase of MS patients.

Though the aged and young DCs secreted comparable levels of IL-12 on stimulation with anti-CD40 antibody and LPS, culture of DCs with aged CD4+ T cells resulted in increased production of IL-21 as compared to that with young CD4+ T cells.

In the acute phase of the infection, a transient loss of CD4(+) T cells, as well as strong increases in expression of proliferation and activation markers on CD4(+) and CD8(+) T cells, together with CD152 expression on CD4(+) T cells, were observed.

Moreover, administration of AG126 under arthritis-inducing conditions resulted in suppression of IL-17A+, IFN-γ+, CD4+ and CD25+ populations while causing an increase in the Foxp3+, CD4+Foxp3+, and CD25+Foxp3+ Treg populations in the spleen.

Relative to hu-PBL-SCID mice that received no treatment, HIV-infected hu-PBL-SCID mice treated with the vehicle control for 3 weeks exhibited a severe depletion of CD4(+) cells (90 %), an increase in CD8(+) cells and an inversion of the CD4(+)/CD8(+) cell ratio.

In contrast, treatment of HIV-infected mice with RAPA prevented a decrease in CD4(+) cells and the increase of CD8(+) cells, thereby preserving the original CD4(+) : CD8(+) cell ratio.

DNA microarray analysis revealed that genes involved in inflammation and cell activation were up regulated in patients who did not replenish mucosal CD4+ T cells efficiently, while expression of genes involved in growth and repair was increased in patients with efficient mucosal CD4+ T-cell restoration.

Our findings suggest that the discordance in CD4+ T-cell restoration between GALT and peripheral blood during therapy can be attributed to the incomplete viral suppression and increased immune activation and inflammation that may prevent restoration of CD4+ T cells and the gut microenvironment.

CCL5 inhibition resulted in decreasing the quantity of IL-4- and IFN-gamma-secreting CD4(+) T cells and increasing the number of Ag-specific IL-10-producing CD4(+) T cells.

By chronic low-dose-rate irradiation alone, CD4+ T cells and CD8 molecule expression increased significantly by a maximum of 30 %, while CD40+ B cells decreased significantly.

The frequency of CD4+Ki-67+ cells increased whereas CD4+ T cells containing T cell-receptor rearrangement excision circles (TRECs) decreased.

Subjects with atopic dermatitis or HIV infection with low levels of circulating CD4+ T cells revealed a significant increase of CRTH2+ cells within both the CD4+ and the CD8+ T cell subset.

Furthermore, specific CD4(+) and CD8(+) T cell proliferative responses were significantly increased and CD4(+) T cells showed a trend to have an inverse correlation with the viral load (r =-0.6).

mC46 macaques also maintained high frequencies of SHIV-specific, gene-modified CD4(+) T cells, an increase in nonmodified CD4(+) T cells, enhanced cytotoxic T lymphocyte function, and antibody responses.

Culture of purified CD4 T cells with IL-15 and/or SIV was associated with a significant increase in the expression of CD4 and infection of these sorted cells.

However, in HIV suppression assays, the CD4-DCSIGN CAR and the related CD4-liver/lymph node-specific intercellular adhesion molecule-3-grabbing non-integrin CAR displayed only minimally increased potency compared with the CD4 CAR against some HIV-1 isolates and reduced potency against others.

Evolution of LTCD4+ and LTCD8+ counts, showed a slight increase of LTCD4+ among VC, but a significant decrease in the NC.

Primary, but not secondary, Ad5hr inoculation increased the frequency of CXCR3+ CD4+ T cells in blood, while secondary, but not primary, Ad5hr infection transiently increased the frequencies of Ki67+, HLADR+ and CD95+/CCR5+ CD4+ T cells in blood.

Using a five-stage phenotypic characterization of thymocyte maturation based on expression of CD4, CD8, TCRalphabeta, CD69 and CD62L, we found that both precolitic and colitic Galphai2(-/-) mice had significantly increased frequencies of mature single-positive CD4(+) and CD8(+) medullary thymocytes, and significantly reduced frequencies and total numbers of immature CD4(+) CD8(+) double-positive thymocytes compared to Galphai2(+/-) mice.

Both helper T-lymphocytes (CD3+CD4+) and suppressor T-lymphocytes (CD3+CD8+) were significantly increased in the plerixafor-treated group so that CD4+/CD8+ ratio in the graft did not differ between the groups.

Both CD4+ and CD8+ T cells showed increased expression of immunomodulatory genes including IL-10 and TGF-β compared with peripheral blood T cells with entheseal CD8+ T cells having higher CD103, CD49a and lower SIPR1 transcript that matched CD4+ T cells.

AFB1 treatment significantly decreased the anti-inflammatory cytokine IL-4 expression by CD4(+) T cells and significantly increased the pro-inflammatory cytokine IFN-γ expression by CD4(+) T cells and TNF-α expression by NK cells.

Postoperative adjuvant therapy with a combination of CD40 agonist and PD-1 antagonist resulted in a significant increase in survival compared to the CD40 agonist single treatment.

Fasudil-modified MNCs decreased CD4+ IFN-γ+ and CD4+ IL-17+ T cells increased CD4+ IL-10+ T cells, restrained M1 markers CD16/32, CCR7, IL-12, CD8a, enhanced M2 markers CD206, CD200, CD14 in spleen.

A lower percentage of CD4+ T lymphocytes and an increase of CD8+ T lymphocytes were observed in alloimmunized patients, as well as a low CD4/CD8 ratio (0.7 vs.

Both natural and TGF-β1-induced CD4+ TREG cells exhibited increased resistance to radiation (10 Gy) as compared to CD4+ conventional T cells.

Remarkably, PD-1 blockade significantly increased the proliferation of CD4+ and CD8+ T cells after CP BVDV infection, but only significantly increased the proliferation of CD4+ T cells after NCP BVDV infection.

Analysis of CD4 and CD8 effectors revealed that low CD4effector (CD4eff) : Treg ratio and increased frequency of PD-1-expressing CD4eff cells were independent predictors of early relapse over and above conventional risk factors, such as genetic risk and depth of response.

We observed minimal activation of memory CD4+ T cells and no increase in viral RNA content in lymph node resident CD4+ T cells post N-803 administration.

In comparison with the treatment of CB-SC, functional analysis demonstrated that the CB-SC-derived exosomes inhibited the proliferation of activated PBMC, reduced the production of inflammatory cytokines, downregulated the percentage of activated CD4+ T and CD8+ T cells, and increased the percentage of naive CD4+ T and CD8+ T cells.

Fingolimod induced a decrease in total CD4+ T cells and in B-mature and B-memory cells and increases in CD4+ and CD8+ T-regulatory and B-regulatory cells.

Age was associated with a decrease of naïve CD4+ and CD8+ T cells and an increase of memory CD4+ or CD8+ T cells.

Moreover, the PBMNC and AMSC co-infusion significantly reduced the implantion proportion of human T lymphocytes (CD3+, CD45+) in mice and increased the ratio of CD4+/CD8+.

The patient showed a 2-fold increase in the frequency of CD4+ EMRA T cells, and an increase of more than one and a half in the frequency of CD4+ CM T cells in CSF at follow-up compared to T0.

Mechanistic studies reveal that the EAC-NPs enhance and prolong the presence of immune compounds in APCs, which ensure persistent antigen loading and stimulation, induce a rapid proliferation of CD4+ and CD8+ T cells, and significantly increase the ratios of intratumoral CD4+ T/Treg and CD8+ T/Treg.

Our results demonstrate that vascular-PDT leads to a strong neutrophilia (2-24 h), systemic increase of IL-6 (24 h), increased percentage of CD4+ and CD8+ T cells producing IFN-γ or CD69+ (2-24 h) and increased CD4+/CD8+ T cell ratio (2-24 h).

Idelalisib treatment induced thymic involution, decreased CD4+/CD8+ T-cell population, and increased CD4-/CD8- T-cell population.

Whereas CD45RA-Foxp3hi T cells were increased only after treatment with GM-CSF alone, CD45RA-Foxp3lo T cells were increased only after treatment with both Flt3-L and GM-CSF.

IL-2-induced phosphorylation of STAT5 (P-STAT5) in both Treg and Teff, which was significantly higher for CD4(+) CD25(bright) Treg (increased by 71 %, mean) than for CD4(+) CD25(neg) Teff (increased by 42 %).

We demonstrate that a 42-day course of tofacitinib therapy leads to a lasting reversal of lymphadenopathy and autoimmune manifestations in the treated MRL/lpr mice, Specifically, in treated mice the peripheral blood white blood cell counts were reversed to near normal levels with almost a 50 % reduction in the TCRαβ(+) CD4(-) CD8(-) T lymphocyte numbers that coincided with a parallel increase in CD8(+) T cells without a demonstrable effect on CD4(+) lymphocytes including FoxP3(+) regulatory T cells.

Using high-resolution single-cell immune profiling using mass cytometry by TOF (CyTOF), we found that IL-15 stimulation altered the composition of CD4+ T-cell memory populations by increasing proliferation of memory CD4+ T cells, including CD4+ T memory stem cells (TSCM).

However, a CD4 mutant (RA5) that localizes to non-raft membrane microdomains exhibited a three-fold increased mobility in B16 cells as compared with WT-CD4.

Bone marrow failure after transplantation of allogeneic naïve CD4(+) T cells was associated with increased CD4(+) Th1 cell development within bone marrow and lymphoid tissues.

Notably, cell surface expression of IL-6R and IL-23R is significantly higher in the IFN-β(-/-) CD4+ T cells, with an increased number of double-positive CCR6+IL-23R+ and IL-6R+IL-23R+ CD4+ T cells.

Isolated CD49d(+) neutrophils featured increased chemokinesis but not chemotaxis compared with CD49d(-) neutrophils in the presence of VEGF-A.

Specifically, our analyses found a decrease in CD49a+ CD107a+ TNFα+ IFNγ- NK cells, with a simultaneous increase in CD49a+ CD107a+ TNFα- IFNγ+ NK cells and the non-responsive CD49a+ CD107a- TNFα- IFNγ- NK cell population following infection, suggesting both pathogenic and inflammatory changes in the NK cell functional profile.

Comparatively, the lower SA-based doses of Au/AuNP caused more modest elevations in BAL lymphocyte influx (predominantly CD4+ phenotype), exposure-dependent increases in serum IgE, and selective expansion/activation of LN CD4+ T-cells and B-cells.

C-HBV-activation of peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) from chronically HBV-infected patients stimulated granzyme B production by CD4+CD25- T responder (Tresp) cells, accompanied by an increase in Annexin V staining on CD4+CD25+ T regulatory (Treg) cell phenotype, consistent with apoptosis.

The protective effects were accompanied with decreases in CD4-CD8+ thymocytes, CD8+ T cells and serum insulin autoantibody levels, and increases in splenic CD4+CD25+ T cells, macrophage M2/M1 ratio and serum IL-10 level.

Yu-Ping-Feng significantly enhanced macrophage-mediated lysis of LLC in a concentration-dependent manner, and had no effect on CD4+ T cell-mediated lysis of LLC, but significantly increased CD4+ T cell-mediated lysis after co-incubated with macrophages.

The results demonstrated that, compared to the HA strain, the aCD11c-HA strain significantly increased the activation of BMDCs and increased the production of CD4+ gamma interferon-positive (IFN-γ+) T cells, CD8+ IFN-γ+ T cells, and IFN-γ in the cell culture supernatant in vitro Consistent with these results, the aCD11c-HA strain clearly increased the activation and maturation of DCs, the HA-specific responses of CD4+ IFN-γ+ T cells, CD8+ IFN-γ+ T cells, and CD8+ CD107a+ T cells, and the proliferation of T cells in the spleen, finally increasing the levels of specific antibodies and neutralizing antibodies in mice.

Results: We found a significant increase of brain-infiltrating CD4+ T cell at day 3 after dMCAO, and a delayed and dramatic increase of brain-infiltrating neutrophils, CD4+ T cells, CD8+ T cells, and B cells at day 7 after dMCAO in db/db mice vs.

Both CD4+ and CD8+ T cells are required for the induction of colitis accompanied by activation of both T-cell lineages and DCs increased expression of mucosal IFNγ, TNFα, IL6, IL1β, and IL12, and decreased frequencies of CD4+FoxP3+ regulatory T cells.

Coculture with conditioned bone marrow-derived monocytes significantly reduced CD4+ T-cell proliferation but increased CD8+ T-cell proliferation and granzyme B expression with significant induction of IFNγ secretion by both CD4+ and CD8+ T cells, indicating that these cells may have a role in promoting anti-cancer immunity.

rTs-GST induced low CD40 expression and moderate CD80, CD86 and MHC-II expressions and inhibited the increase of CD40, CD80 and CD86 on DCs induced by LPS.

Differences in vendor were associated with altered immunophenotype with increased splenic IFN-γ+CD4+ T cells, effector memory CD4+ T cells, and central memory CD4+ T cells and increased Peyer\s patch effector memory CD4+ T cells in septic CR mice.

Lamina propria of Pggt1bΔCD4 mice had increased numbers of CD4+ T cells that expressed RORC and higher levels of cytokines produced by T-helper 17 cells (granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor, interleukin [ IL]17A, IL17F, IL22, and tumor necrosis factor [ TNF]).

RhoAΔCD4 mice had a similar phenotype to Pggt1bΔCD4 mice, including development of colitis increased numbers of CD4+ T cells in colon, increased expression of integrin alpha4beta7 by CD4+ T cells, and increased levels of IL17A and other inflammatory cytokines in lamina propria.

RhoAΔCD4 mice had a similar phenotype to Pggt1bΔCD4 mice, including development of colitis, increased numbers of CD4+ T cells in colon increased expression of integrin alpha4beta7 by CD4+ T cells, and increased levels of IL17A and other inflammatory cytokines in lamina propria.

Moreover, adoptive transfer of CD4+CD45RBhigh T cells from CD83flox/flox/CD4-cretg/wt mice into Rag2-deficient mice elicited more severe colitis associated with increased serum concentrations of IL-12 and elevated CD40 expression on CD11c+ dendritic cells (DCs).

In vitro, Sox12-/- CD4+ T cells that were cultured under Th2 conditions had increased production of Th2 cytokines and GATA3 protein compared with those of control Sox12+/- CD4+ T cells.

Interestingly, flow cytometric analysis revealed that the number of CD4+Foxp3+ regulatory T cells (Tregs) was significantly increased and CD4+IFNγ+ and γδ+IL-17A+ T cells were decreased in the lungs of FICZ-treated mice, while the total number of T, B, and NK cells were unaffected by FICZ treatment.

The SIM and BSIM groups exhibited decreased frequencies of CD4+IL-4+-cells and CD4+CD25+FoxP3+-cells, along with a higher frequency of CD14+IL-10+-cells and an increase in CD45R/B220+IL-10+-cells.

The reversal of autoimmunity is associated with a marked reduction of autoreactivity of CD4(+) T cells and significant increase in the percentage of Foxp3(+) Treg among host-type CD4(+) T cells in the spleen and lymph nodes.

The latter is associated with a marked reduction of the percentage of host-type CD4(+) CD8(+) thymocytes and an increase of Treg percentage among the CD4(+) CD8(+) and CD4(+) CD8(-) thymocytes.

Stimulation with ConA led to decrease in CD4+ population but increased CD4+CD25+ cells compared to ground controls.

Other changes included altered pDC activation status (decreased CD40 increased MHC class-I and MHC class-II), increased lipid content in pDCs and CD4(-) CD8α(+) DCs, and increased expression of key mediators of lipid uptake including lipoprotein lipase, scavenger receptors (CD36, CD68 and LRP-1) in most tissues.

Other changes included altered pDC activation status (decreased CD40, increased MHC class-I and MHC class-II)  increased lipid content in pDCs and CD4(-) CD8α(+) DCs, and increased expression of key mediators of lipid uptake including lipoprotein lipase, scavenger receptors (CD36, CD68 and LRP-1) in most tissues.

We determined that thymopentin up-regulated the expression of CD40, CD80, CD86, CD83, and MHC II molecules on BMDCs, down-regulated phagocytosis of BMDCs increased BMDCs driven CD4(+) T cell proliferation, and enhanced BMDC production of IL-12 and TNF-α.

By contrast, the ThPOK transgene promoted the development of CD4(+) FoxP3(+) regulatory T cells resulting in an increased recovery of CD4(+) FoxP3(+) regulatory T cells that expressed higher transforming growth factor-β-dependent suppressor activity.

The ratio of CD4/CD8 was normal during 90 days of infection, while at day 120, a decline in CD4 T cell and increase in CD8 were foundleading to the inversion of the CD4/CD8 ratio.

8 significantly elicited both CD8 T cells and CD4 T cells immunity, as evidenced by increase in the enduring polyfunctional CD8 T cells and CD4 T cells.

This difference is due, at least in part, to induction of CD4+ helper T cells, as the effect is overcome by increasing either mature CD4+ T-cell help through immunization or by increasing the precursor frequency of naïve CD4+ T cells by adoptive transfer from T-cell receptor transgenic donors.

aureus infection induced upregulation of the C-C motif chemokine receptor 7 (CCR7) on the surface of all DC subsets, on CD4+ DCs in a PSM-dependent manner, together with increased expression of MHCII, CD86, CD80, CD40, and the co-inhibitory molecule PD-L2, with only minor effects of PSMs.

CD40 expression was significantly increased in B cells by LPS, and the Breg cells were also enriched in CD40(hi) CD5(+) B cells.

Furthermore, CD40 expression on Breg cells was increased by IL-10, CD40 ligand, and B cell-activating factor, suggesting that CD40(hi) is a common phenotype of Breg cells.

Analyzing the effect of bortezomib on the expression of surface antigens CD138, CD56, CD27, CD28, CD45 and CD221 and xenograft models, we have found that bortezomib increases the level of CD45 and decreases all other antigens.

Clinical data, cohort characteristics, success probability, CD4 increase rate, CD4 cell status link to disease states, and adverse-event probability were taken from the MOTIVATE trials and other published literature.

Greater than 65.9 % depletion of intestinal CD4+CCR5+ T cells followed at day 10, but overall CD4+ T cell homeostasis was maintained by increased CD4+CCR5- T cells.

At days 21 and 125, high numbers of intestinal CD4+CCR5- naive TN cells were detected concurrent with greatly increased CD4+CCR5+ LPL TTrM-2 and IEL TEM cells at day 125, yet SIV RNA plasma loads remained low.

Further structural analysis showed that a wider aperture of the predicted CD4bs cavity, as constrained by the inner-most atoms at the gp120 V1V2 stem and the V5 loop, was associated with amino acid alterations within V5 and correlated with increased gp120-CD4 binding and increased fusogenicity.

Our results provide evidence that the gp120 V5 loop may alter CD4bs conformation and contribute to increased gp120-CD4 interactions and Env fusogenicity.

This CD4-enhanced phenotype tracked with sensitivity to sCD4, indicating increased exposure of the CD4 binding site.

We conclude that GC enhanced HIV infection of primary resting CD4(+) T cells through TLR2 activation, which both increased the susceptibility of primary CD4(+) T cells to HIV infection as well as enhanced HIV-infected CD4(+) T cells at the early stage of HIV life cycle after entry.

The model shows that the R5-to-X4 switch occurs as CD4(+) T cell activation levels increase above a threshold and as CD4(+) T cell counts decrease below a threshold during late-stage HIV infection.

The enhanced antiviral activity of CD4-BFFI is most likely due to avid binding of the bivalent FI peptides as well as the increased local concentration of CD4-BFFI via attachment to the target cell surface receptor CD4.

R5-tropic virus predominates at high CD4 cell counts, with the number of X4-tropic strains increasing as CD4 cell count decreases.

Thus, increasing macrophage-tropism was associated with increased sensitivity to soluble CD4 and to IgG-CD4 (PRO 542), but with increased resistance to the anti-CD4 monoclonal antibody (mab), Q4120.

We found that, compared to T-tropic viruses, M-tropic viruses infect monocyte-derived macrophages (MDMs) on average 28-fold more efficiently, use low-density CD4 more efficiently have increased sensitivity to soluble CD4 (sCD4), and show trends toward sensitivity to some CD4 binding site antibodies but no difference in sensitivity to antibodies targeting the CD4-bound conformation.

We found that, compared to T-tropic viruses, M-tropic viruses infect monocyte-derived macrophages (MDMs) on average 28-fold more efficiently, use low-density CD4 more efficiently, have increased sensitivity to soluble CD4 (sCD4), and show trends toward sensitivity to some CD4 binding site antibodies but no difference in sensitivity to antibodies targeting the CD4-bound conformation.

Second, an increase in CCR4+ CD4+ T cells in patients was mainly attributed to the increase of CCR7+ memory CD4+ T cells.

Virus was inactivated when all three Env protomers were occupied by the CD4mc, and gp120 shedding from the Env trimer was increased in the presence of some CD4mc.

We conclude that the ability of CD4i antibodies to promote VRC01 association with Env trimers accounts for the increase potency of VRC01 and CD4i antibody mixtures.

Here we show that CD4-induced (CD4i) antibodies, which recognize the conserved coreceptor-binding site of the HIV-1 envelope glycoprotein (Env), can increase the association of Env with potent broadly neutralizing antibodies that recognize the CD4-binding site (CD4bs antibodies).

CD4 T-cell surface CXCR4 densities were increased in infected subjects and inversely correlated with CD4 T-cell count (r=-0.

Interestingly, two patients had a sustained CD4+ T-cell increase and two maintained stable CD4+ T-cell counts despite virologic failure under ENF.

By flow cytometry, a large fraction (ranging from 30 % to 100 %) of CD41(+) cells showed high levels of CXCR4 antigen on their surface, its expression increasing in parallel with the CD41 antigen during megakaryocytic differentiation.

Recent evidence suggests that primary patient isolates of T-cell-tropic human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) have lower affinities for CD4 than their laboratory-adapted derivatives, that this may partly result from tighter gp120-gp41 bonds that constrain the CD4 binding sites of the primary viruses, and that selection for increased CD4 affinity may be the principal factor in laboratory adaptation of HIV-1 (S.

Activation of peripheral CD4+ T cells resulted in augmented fusion with X4 human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) envelope-expressing cells without parallel increases in the surface expression of CD4 or CXC chemokine receptor 4 (CXCR4).

Kaplan-Meier and Cox proportional hazard analyses were performed to compare time to viral suppression and the absolute CD4+ T cell counts and increases in CD4+ T cell counts during follow-up were compared for patients with and without X4-HIV at start of cART.

Since a higher degree of CD4 cytopathicity occurred in those cultures having increased integrin expression, these data suggest that significantly altered mucosal homing receptor expression on CD4(+) T cells may result as a " bystander" effect after infection with some cytopathic isolates of HIV-1.

Whereas CD45RA(+) Tregs were preferentially located in the bone marrow, associated with increased CXCR4 expression, CD45RO(+) Tregs were preferentially located in the skin, and this was associated with their increased expression of CLA and CCR4.

Overall CD4+T cell counts increased from 138 cells/mm3 to 475 cells/mm3 and 37.2 % of all participants reached CD4 recovery.

The proportion of test results returning CD4 counts above 500 cells/ul has increased slowly each year with 41.8 % (95 % CI: 41.6-41.9 %) of tests having a CD4 count above 500 cells/ul in 2016.

Although coexpression of CD40L did increase humoral responses, it blunted type 1 CD4+ T cell responses against the SIV envelope protein and failed to protect macaques from viral infection.

CD8 hyperlymphocytosis and CD4 : CD8 ratio should be now considered as two useful markers to better identify patients at increased Kaposi sarcoma risk, including those with a CD4 T-cell count greater than 500 cells/μl.

In fact, Tat vaccination of subjects on suppressive cART in Italy and South Africa promoted immune restoration, including CD4+ T-cell increase in low immunological responders, and a reduction of proviral DNA even after six years of cART, when both CD4+ T-cell gain and DNA decay have reached a plateau.

Plasma levels of anti-CD4 autoantibodies are increased in chronically HIV-infected patients and inversely correlated with CD4+ T-cell recovery under viral-suppressive antiretroviral therapy (ART).

CD4+ T cell count, time with undetectable HIV viral load, annual increase of CD4+ T cell count, anti-HCV therapy, and diagnosis of cirrhosis were analyzed.

During the learning process, wild-type mice increased the number of CD4+ T cells in the meninges and production of IL-13, whereas neither Morris water maze-trained IL-4 nor trained IL-13-deficient mice were able to increase CD4+ T cells in the meninges.

Plasmid-encoded granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor (pGM-CSF) co-administration has been shown to induce potent CD4+ T-cell responses and to promote accelerated priming and increased migration of antigen-specific CD4+ T-cells.

Blood CD4CD70 T-cell frequencies increased in response to CD4 T-cell depletion or high viremia levels as a possible consequence of increased activation and proliferation in this subset.

HIV infection resulted in decreased numbers of CD4+ T cells increased numbers of CD8+ T cells, and a decreased CD4+/CD8+ T cell ratio in the brain.

DC-mediated transmission was blocked by mAb to CD4 and MHC class II, but strongly increased by mAb to CD40 on DC or CD28 on T cells.

DC-mediated transmission was blocked by MAb to CD4 and MHC class II, but strongly increased by MAb to CD40 on DCs or CD28 on T cells.

The CD4 tropic area of HIV impersonates some components of that feedback loop resulting in increased CD4 lymphocyte destruction.

APC dysfunction in HIV-infected individuals could accelerate or exacerbate CD4+ T cell dysfunction and may contribute to increased levels of immunodeficiency seen in some patients regardless of their CD4+ T cell numbers.

The analysis performed suggests that the presence of CD4+ T-helper epitopes, which can be presented by MHC class II, in the protein TCI may be the main reason underlying the increased synthesis of antibodies to TBI protein due to a CD4-mediated stimulation of B-cell proliferation and differentiation.

Compared with patient X4 viruses, the gp120-gp41 complexes of LA viruses have a constellation of common properties including enhanced affinities for CD4, greater sensitivities to inactivations by diverse antibodies and by soluble CD4 increased shedding of gp120, and improved abilities to infect HeLa-CD4 cell clones that contain only trace quantities of CD4.

T-bet is a key regulator for the lineage commitment in CD4+ T helper (Th) 1 cells by activating the hallmark production of interferon-γ.

Mice immunized with a VLP bearing the aryl mannoside, and a peptide antigen (Qβ-Ova-Man540) had antigen-specific responses, including the production of CD4+ T cells producing the activating cytokines interferon-γ and tumor necrosis factor-α.

We further identified that FUS1-hIL-12 coexpression could induce strong antitumor immune response by secreting much higher levels of human interferon-γ (hIFN-γ) and hIL-15, enhancing expression of MHC-I and Fas, increasing infiltration of activated human CD4+ and CD8+ T lymphocytes.

The generation of interferon-gamma (IFN-γ) by MHC class II activated CD4+ T helper cells play a substantial contribution in the control of infections such as caused by Mycobacterium tuberculosis.

Since SARS-CoV-2 related ARDS has a strong immunological component, many investigators are utilizing monoclonal antibodies against IL-6, TNF-alpha and CCR5.

While most of these CD44 functions are supposed to involve hyaluronan, relatively little is known about the contribution of CD44 to hyaluronan maintenance and organization on cell surface, and the role of CD44 in hyaluronan synthesis and catabolism.

Thus, it is unclear whether BAF57-dependent CD4 repression involves chromatin remodeling and, if so, how the remodeling translates into CD4 repression.

Because inflammation in these rats requires CD4+ T lymphocytes and involves intestinal pathology, we hypothesized that dendritic cells (DCs) that migrate from the intestine and control CD4+ T cell differentiation would be aberrant in B27-transgenic rats.

Our study demonstrates that G6b-B expression is highly restricted to peripheral CD4+ T cells and up-regulated by the IL-4-induced STAT6 pathway, strongly suggesting that G6b-B is involved in regulation of the immune response by CD4+ T cell-mediated and IL-4 induced regulatory mechanisms.

Together, these results indicate that the intrinsic expression of Stat5a in CD4(+) T cells is required for Th2 cell differentiation and that Stat5a is involved in the development of CD4(+) CD25(+) immunoregulatory T cells that modulate T helper cell differentiation toward Th2 cells.

The CD4/CXCR4 and CD8alpha/CXCR4 interactions may thus be involved in cellular signaling pathways shared by the CD4 and CD8alpha molecules.

To identify a cell surface molecule other than CD4 involved in infection of cultured cells with human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1), mice were immunized with the CD4-negative Raji human B-cell line in order to isolate a monoclonal antibody (mAb).

CD4 T cells are involved in the pathogenesis of atherosclerosis, but atherosclerosis-specific CD4 T cells have not been described.

Furthermore, it is shown that CD40 ligand (CD40L) is involved in CD4+ T cell EVs-mediated B cell responses.

This study provides important insights into the development of CD4+ Tfh cells during Plasmodium infection and highlights the heterogeneity of antigen-presenting cells involved in CD4+ T cell priming.

This effect resulted from the internalization of membrane CD4 T\240\cell molecules into clathrin-coated pits and involved disruption of the CD4/p56Lck complex.

Interestingly, blockade of the contact between ILC2s and CD4+T cells, may significantly diminish the CD4+T cell expansion and cytokine production, suggesting that membrane molecules may be involved in ILC2-regulated CD4+T cell activation.

The continual evolution of the influenza-specific CD4 T cell repertoire involves both specificity and function and overlays other restrictions on CD4 T cell activity derived from viral antigen handling and MHC class II:peptide epitope display.

Differentiation of CD4(+) helper and CD8(+) cytotoxic αβ T cells from CD4(+) CD8(+) thymocytes involves upregulation of lineage-specifying transcription factors and transcriptional silencing of CD8 or CD4 coreceptors, respectively, in MHC class II or I (MHCII or I)-restricted thymocytes.

Several studies have demonstrated that CD4(+) T cells are involved in protection against Mtb, as supported by the evidence that CD4(+) T cell depletion is responsible for Mtb reactivation in HIV-infected individuals.

We confirmed that EC from lymphatic tissue (LEC) were able to promote HIV infection and latency formation in resting CD4+ T cells while keeping them in resting phenotype, and that IL-6 was involved in LEC stimulation of CD4+ T cells.

We further identified CD4+ conventional DC (cDC) as the subset involved in airway antigen sampling in both strains, however, CD4+ cDC in the susceptible strain were less efficient in OVA sampling and displayed increased MHC-II expression compared with the resistant strain.

CD4+ T cell help to CD8+ T cell responses requires that CD4+ and CD8+ T cells interact with the same antigen presenting dendritic cell (Ag+DC), but it remains controversial whether helper signals are delivered indirectly through a licensed DC and/or involve direct CD4+/CD8+ T cell contacts and/or the formation of ternary complexes.

This cell to cell transfer between CD4(+) T cells involves the formation of a virological synapse (VS), which is an F-actin-dependent cell-cell junction formed upon the engagement of HIV-1 envelope gp120 on the infected cell with CD4 and the chemokine receptor (CKR) CCR5 or CXCR4 on the target cell (8).

HIV infects and replicates in CD4+ T cells but effects on host immunity and disease also involve depletion, hyper-activation, and modification of CD4-negative cell populations.

Overall, the adaptation process probably involves selection for variants with higher CD4 affinity and hence greater fusion efficiency, but this also involves the loss of some resistance to neutralization by agents directed at or near to the CD4BS.

We demonstrate here that while introduction of the 8 x FS mutation into heterologous R5, X4, or R5X4 Env proteins did not impart CD4 independence, it did affect the conformation of the gp120 surface subunit, exposing highly conserved domains involved in both coreceptor and CD4 binding.

IMPORTANCE CD4 T cell depletion during HIV-1 infection involves the demise of bystander CD4 T cells due to abortive infection, viral DNA sensing, inflammasome assembly, and death by caspase-1-dependent pyroptosis.

We conclude that binding of gp120 to CD4 molecules on T cells may interrupt the sequential cascade of intercellular interaction involving 1) Ag/MHC class II-TCR/CD4, 2) CD40L-CD40, and 3) B71-CD28.

Since MHC class II expression did not influence the degree of conjugate formation by naive or memory CD4 T cells with B cells, CD4-MHC class II interaction does not appear to be involved in binding itself, but may down-regulate the adhesion of memory but not naive CD4 T cells.

These findings indicate that the CD4+ Th defect seen in the majority of asymptomatic, HIV+ individuals is not limited to recall antigens, but also extends to the component of the response to HLA alloantigens that involves the self-restricted, CD4+ Th pathway.

Subsequently, CD4 is downregulated in infected cells by multiple strategies that involve direct interactions of the HIV-1 proteins VpU and Nef with the cytoplasmic part of CD4.

Blocking hyaluronan binding either by CD44 antibodies, CD44-siRNA or hyaluronan decasaccharides (but not hexasaccharides) removed most of the hyaluronan from the surfaces of both human (HaCaT) and mouse keratinocytes, resembling results on cells from CD44⁻/⁻ animals.

Antigen recognition by alloreactive MHC class I-restricted CD4(+) T cells was inhibited by removing peptides bound to HLA molecules on T2 cells suggesting that the alloreactive CD4(+) T cells recognize peptides that bind in a TAP-independent manner to HLA-A2 molecules.

Our data indicate that CD44 retains hyaluronan in the keratinocyte pericellular matrix, a fact that has not been shown unambiguously before, and that hyaluronan abundance in the absence of CD44 can result in hyaluronan trapping in abnormal locations possibly interfering there with normal differentiation and epidermal barrier function.

Although CD4-independent variants of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) and simian immunodeficiency virus (SIV) have been described that can utilize the coreceptor CCR5 or CXCR4 in the absence of CD4, these viruses typically retain their CD4 binding sites and still can interact with CD4.

Although CD4-independent viruses are well described for HIV and SIV, these viruses characteristically retain their CD4 binding site and can engage CD4 if available.

Assessment of the neutralization properties of CD4M47 against a diverse range of isolates spanning from HIV-1 to SIVcpz showed that CD4M47 retained the extraordinary breadth of the parent CD4M33, but yielded only limited improvements in neutralization potencies.

Both CD4-independent laboratory isolates retained sensitivity to BMS-626529 in CD4(-) cells, while HIV-1 envelopes from viruses resistant to BMS-626529 exhibited no evidence of a CD4-independent phenotype.

Here, we demonstrate that the envelope gene of intestinal cell-adapted virus conferred to recombinant clone HIV-1 iNDK the ability to utilize CXCR4 without CD4 while retaining its tropism for CD4 lymphocytes.

We report that all CD4 mutants that retain raft partitioning mediate HIV-1 entry and CD4-induced Lck activation independently of their transmembrane and cytoplasmic domains.

By depletion of AC and/or CD8+ Th subsets (to analyze CD4+ Th function), we demonstrated that HIV+ patients who were selectively deficient in Th function to recall antigens were also unresponsive to Allo presented by autologous AC (HLA self-restricted Th pathway), but retained Allo Th activity presented by allogeneic AC (allo-restricted CD4+ Th pathway).

The mutation Q40P (Gln40----Pro) and the deletion d42-49 were found to disrupt most antibody epitopes in the V1 domain of CD4, suggesting major conformational changes, whereas mutants F43L, G47R, and P48S retained the binding of most of the anti-CD4 antibodies tested.

Data from previous coronavirus outbreaks such as SARS-CoV (2003 outbreak) and emerging epidemiological data from the current global COVID-19 pandemic suggest that there could be substantial tissue fibrotic consequences following SARS-CoV-2 infection, responsible for severe and in some cases fatal lung lesions.

Although it is also well known that SARS-CoV-2 infection can cause gastrointestinal symptoms such as abdominal pain, nausea, vomiting and diarrhoea, there are emerging reports of SARS-CoV-2 infection causing surgical pathology.

A robust antibody response to ORF8 has been observed in SARS-CoV-2 infection, suggesting that the emergence of ORF8 deletions may be due to immune-driven selection and that further deletion variants may emerge during the sustained transmission of SARS-CoV-2 in humans.

As a result, this vaccine formulation is under consideration for further development against SARS-CoV and other emerging and re-emerging beta-CoVs such as SARS-CoV-2.

The previous epidemics of infections by high-morbidity human coronaviruses, such as SARS-CoV in 2003 and the Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus (MERS-CoV) in 2012, prompted the characterization of compounds that could be potentially active against the currently emerging novel coronavirus, SARS-CoV-2.

In spite of the high sequence identity of SARS-CoV-2 with its closely related SARS-CoV emerged in 2002, the atomic-level determinants underlining the molecular recognition of SARS-CoV-2 to the angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) receptor and, thus, the rapid virus spread into human body, remain unresolved.

Previous high-morbidity human coronavirus epidemics such as the 2003 SARS-CoV and the 2012 Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus (MERS-CoV) prompted the identification of compounds that could theoretically be active against the emerging coronavirus SARS-CoV-2.

As the SARS-CoV-2 pandemic unfolds across the globe, consistent themes are emerging with regard to aspects of SARS-CoV-2 infection and its associated disease entities in children.

Pathogenic coronaviruses are a major threat to global public health, as exemplified by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus (SARS-CoV), Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus (MERS-CoV), and the newly emerged SARS-CoV-2, the causative agent of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19).

The SARS-CoV isolates from small carnivores in Shenzhen markets form a terminal clade that emerged recently from within the radiation of human SARS-CoV.

In this article, we describe the advantages of antifibrotic therapy in patients with ongoing SARS-CoV-2 viral infection to prevent the worsening and aggravation of the clinical situation, and the advantages it could have in the role of preventing pulmonary fibrosis after SARS-CoV-2 infection, and in accelerating the complete healing process.

This report summarizes issues that render a COVID-19 model daunting to establish (SARS-CoV-2\s potential to cause severe/fatal illness, its high transmissibility, and lack of a " rescue treatment" to prevent progression from mild/moderate to severe clinical illness) and it proffers prudent strategies for stepwise model development, challenge virus selection, guidelines for manufacturing challenge doses, and ways to contain SARS-CoV-2 and prevent transmission to household/community contacts.

During the current severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) pandemic, healthcare systems worldwide have to prevent nosocomial SARS-CoV-2 transmission while maintaining duty of care.

Blockade of ACE2, the host cell receptor for the S protein of SARS-CoV-2 and inhibition of TMPRSS2, which is required for S protein priming may prevent cell entry of SARS-CoV-2.

Considering the fact, this review article provides 1) an overview of the SARS-CoV-2 mediated pathological impact on the lungs, heart and brain, 2) signifies the therapeutic uses of BoNTs against pulmonary failure, cardiac arrest and neurological deficits, and 3) emphasize the rationality for the possible use of BoNT to prevent SARS-CoV-2 infection and manage COVID-19.

In this study, we confirmed the validity of this model using various methods, and verified that equine anti-SARS-CoV F(ab\) (2) can prevent aged animals from SARS-CoV infection.

They show that the major species barriers are determined by interactions between four ACE2 residues (residues 31, 35, 38, and 353) and two RBD residues (residues 479 and 487), that early civet SARS-CoV isolates were prevented from infecting human cells due to imbalanced salt bridges at the hydrophobic virus/receptor interface, and that SARS-CoV has evolved to gain sustained infectivity for human cells by eliminating unfavorable free charges at the interface through stepwise mutations at positions 479 and 487.

Here we describe the role of these proteins in SARS-CoV replication and potential therapeutic strategies aimed at preventing entry of SARS-CoV into target cells.

Molecular modeling analysis suggested that ADS-J1 may bind to the deep pocket of the hydrophobic groove on the surface of the central coiled-coil of SARS-CoV S HR protein and prevent the entrance of the SARS-CoV into the host cells.

Published literature has stated that SARS-COV-1 may infect the central nervous system and due to its similarities to SARS-COV-2, we suspect that SARS-COV-2 has the same potential.

We also identified that SARS-CoV-2 does not infect HAE from the basolateral side, and the dominant SARS-CoV-2 permissive epithelial cells are ciliated cells and goblet cells, whereas virus replication in basal cells and club cells was not detectable.

It is our hope that these proposals may both be helpful in understanding the novel features of SARS-CoV-2 pneumonia as well as providing new immunological strategies for treating the severe sequelae of disease manifestations seen in people infected with SARS-CoV-2.

It also proposes that the occurrence of intrauterine transplacental SARS-CoV-2 among infected mother-infant dyads be based upon identification of SARS-CoV-2 in chorionic villous cells using immunohistochemistry or such nucleic acid methods such as in situ hybridization.

We investigated data from severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) infected 0-19 year olds, who attended schools/childcare facilities, to assess their role in SARS-CoV-2 transmission after these establishments\ reopening in May 2020 in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

However, severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus-2 (SARS-CoV-2)/HIV-1 coinfection has been described in only few cases worldwide and no data are available on immunological outcomes in HIV-1-patients infected with SARS-CoV-2.

Considering the necessity of both ACE2 and TMPRSS2 for SARS-CoV-2 infection, our results suggest that conjunctiva would be less likely to be infected by SARS-CoV-2, whereas pterygium possesses some possibility of SARS-CoV-2 infection.

SARS-CoV-2 infects human cells using ACE2, the transmembrane protease serine 2 (TMPRSS2) and the SARS-CoV-2 main protease (Mpro).

Recent publications on SARS-CoV-2 have brought attention to the possible benefit of chloroquine in the treatment of patients infected by SARS-CoV-2.

Unexpectedly, the anti-SARS-CoV-2 antibodies and the infected plasma did not cross-react with\240\the RBDs of SARS-CoV or Middle East respiratory syndrome-related coronavirus (MERS-CoV), although there was substantial plasma cross-reactivity to their trimeric spike proteins.

(b) SARS-CoV-2 viral RNA has been found in stool specimens of infected patients, and 20 % of patients showed prolonged presence of SARS-CoV-2 RNA in faecal samples after the virus converting to negative in the respiratory system.

Moreover, the positive rate of ACE2 in testes of infertile men was higher than normal, which indicates that SARS-CoV-2 may cause reproductive disorders through pathway activated by ACE2 and the men with reproductive disorder may easily to be infected by SARS-CoV-2.

Here, we detailed how to effectively pseudotype lentiviral particles with SARS-CoV-2 Spike and infect 293 T cells engineered to express the SARS-CoV-2 receptor, ACE2.

The fatality rate of SARS-CoV-2 is lower than the two previous coronavirus epidemics, but it is faster spreading and the large number of infected people with severe viral pneumonia and respiratory illness, showed SARS-CoV-2 to be highly contagious.

This suggests that SARS-CoV-2 has the possibility of infecting the male reproductive system, and the recent detection of SARS-CoV-2 in the patient\s semen further confirms this theory.

In this review, we conduct a detailed summary for the potential of SARS-CoV-2 to infect central nervous system from latest biological fundamental of SARS-CoV-2 to the clinical experience of other human coronaviruses.

We investigate the epistemological consequences of a positive polymerase chain reaction SARS-CoV test for two relevant hypotheses: (i) V is the hypothesis that an individual has been infected with SARS-CoV-2.

Nucleocapsid protein plays a critical role in SARS-CoV pathogenesis, and high-level anti-nucleocapsid antibodies are detected in the patients infected by severe acute respiratory syndrome-associated coronavirus (SARS-CoV).

p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) and its downstream targets are activated in SARS coronavirus (SARS-CoV)-infected Vero E6 cells and activation of p38 MAPK enhances the cytopathic effects of SARS-CoV infection.

We confirmed that SARS-CoV-2 infects cells via angiotensin converting enzyme 2 (ACE2), the functional receptor for SARS-CoV, and we also found that the recombinant receptor binding domain (RBD) of the S protein of SARS-CoV effectively inhibits ppSARS-2 entry in Huh7.

We analyzed publicly available transcriptomic datasets of SARS-CoV infected humans and mammals to identify consistent differentially expressed genes then validated in SARS-CoV-2 infected epithelial cells transcriptomic datasets.

Old BALB/c mice were inoculated intradermally with rVV that expressed each structural proteins of SARS-CoV (rVV-N,-M,-E, or-S) with or without rVV-S and then infected intranasally with SARS-CoV more than 4 weeks later.

Here, we reconcile these apparently conflicting results by showing that p6 enhances SARS-CoV replication to nearly the same extent as when expressed in the context of MHV if cells are infected at a low MOI and accelerates disease in mice transgenic for the human SARS-CoV receptor.

Two different patterns of pulmonary host responses to virus were observed when gene expression profiles from severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus (SARS-CoV)-infected young mice that show minimal disease were compared to those from SARS-CoV-infected aged mice that develop pneumonitis.

The results showed no marked cross reactivity against SARS-CoV, which implies that the reduced symptoms among children infected by SARS-CoV may be caused by other factors.

In addition, in these cell lines, SARS-CoV-MA15 induced the expression of proinflammatory cytokines and IFN-β, mimicking what has been observed in experimental animal models infected with SARS-CoV and SARS patients.

To address this age-related susceptibility to SARS-CoV and IAV, we infected C57BL/6 (B6) mice with mouse-adapted SARS-CoV (MA15) or IAV (PR8), both of which cause severe disease in aged mice.

In this study, continuously monitoring the SARS-CoV-2 infection in HAE-ALI cultures for a long period of up to 51 days revealed that SARS-CoV-2 infection was long lasting with recurrent replication peaks appearing between an interval of approximately 7-10 days, which was consistent in all the tested HAE-ALI cultures derived from 4 lung bronchi of independent donors.

Our study not only presents a systematic examination of SARS-CoV-2-induced perturbation of host targets and cellular networks but it also reveals insights into the mechanisms by which SARS-CoV-2 triggers cytokine storms, representing a powerful resource in the pursuit of therapeutic interventions.

This study describes host cell signaling events upon SARS-CoV-2 infection and reveals GFR signaling as a central pathway essential for SARS-CoV-2 replication.

Genomic surveillance of SARS-CoV-2 in Taiwan revealed a new ORF8-deletion mutant and a virus clade that may be associated with infections in the Middle East, which contributed to a better understanding of the global SARS-CoV-2 transmission dynamics.

In summary, we identified different genomic epidemiology among SARS-CoV-2 strains in different clades, especially in an amino acid variation of the S protein at 614  revealing potential viral genome divergence in SARS-CoV-2 strains.

Furthermore, our results of the preliminary epidemiological data on SARS-CoV-2 infections revealed that frequency of aa mutations were relatively higher in the SARS-CoV-2 genome sequences of Europe (43.07 %) followed by Asia (38.09 %), and North America (29.64 %) while case fatality rates remained higher in the European temperate countries, such as Italy, Spain, Netherlands, France, England and Belgium.

In this study, we present the crystal structure of the C-terminal domain of SARS-CoV-2 (SARS-CoV-2-CTD) spike (S) protein in complex with human ACE2 (hACE2), which reveals a hACE2-binding mode similar overall to that observed for SARS-CoV.

Since the SARS-CoV outbreak in 2002, extensive structural analyses have revealed key atomic-level interactions between the SARS-CoV spike protein receptor-binding domain (RBD) and its host receptor angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2), which regulate both the cross-species and human-to-human transmissions of SARS-CoV.

With these highly infectious SARS-CoV pseudotypes, several cell lines derived from various tissues were revealed as susceptible to SARS-CoV, which were highly corresponding to the expression pattern of virus\s receptor angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2).

Neutralization assay with anti-SARS-CoV antibody revealed that VSV-SARS-St19/GFP pseudotype infection is mediated by SARS-CoV S protein.

These structures, combined with a previously determined structure of human ACE2 complexed with the RBD from a human SARS-CoV strain have revealed a structural basis for understanding the major species barriers between humans and civets for SARS-CoV infections.

These structures, combined with a previously determined structure of human ACE2 complexed with the RBD from a human SARS-CoV strain, have revealed a structural basis for understanding the major species barriers between humans and civets for SARS-CoV infections.

Binding of SARS-CoV-2\s Spike protein to host angiotensin converting enzyme 2 triggers viral entry, but other proteins may participate, including neuropilin-1 receptor (NRP-1).

Complications such as continuous stimuli or viral infections, such as the SARS-CoV-2 infection, may worsen the prognosis of TBI, altering the immune response and increasing the neuroinflammatory processes related to NLRP3, whose activation occurs both in TBI and in SARS-CoV-2 infection.

We defined active testing strategies for SARS-CoV-2 using reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) for groups at increased risk of acquiring SARS-CoV-2 in all Canadian provinces.

Given the hepatic tropism and COVID-19-related hyperinflammatory reactions, our case suggests that, an isolated severe hyperphosphatasemia in children with SARS-CoV-2 infection should increase the possibility of transient hyperphosphatasemia, even if is also demonstrated a classic natural history of the transient hyperphosphatasemia during viral infection, especially in SARS-CoV-2 infection.

Evidence is discussed from epidemiological studies on SARS-CoV-2 pandemic and molecular studies on the role of kidney in facilitating routes for SARS-CoV-2 entry, leading to increased virulence of SARS-CoV-2 and clinical manifestation of symptoms in RCC.

It is also possible that air pollution can facilitate SARS-CoV-2 spread by increasing the transmission, and potentially, SARS-CoV-2 can also survive longer when attached to a pollutant.

Using this resource, we showed that genetic variations in SARS-CoV-2 are associated with loss of B cell immunogenicity, an increase in CD4 + T cell immunogenicity, and a minimum loss in CD8 + T cell immunogenicity, indicating the existence of a curious correlation between SARS-CoV-2 genetic evolutions and the immunity pressure from the host.

The heptad repeat 1 (HR1) sequence in the S2 fusion protein of SARS-CoV-2 possesses markedly increased α-helicity and thermostability, as well as a higher binding affinity with its corresponding heptad repeat 2 (HR2) site, than the HR1 sequence in S2 of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus (SARS-CoV).

Most important, treatment with drugs that inhibited NF-κB activation led to a reduction in inflammation and lung pathology in both SARS-CoV-infected cultured cells and mice and significantly increased mouse survival after SARS-CoV infection.

We found that higher concentrations of anti-sera against SARS-CoV neutralized SARS-CoV infection, while highly diluted anti-sera significantly increased SARS-CoV infection and induced higher levels of apoptosis.

The independent risk factors for SMI among them are suspicion that they or relatives were infected with the SARS-CoV-2, greater interest in media reports about the epidemic, frequency of recent dreams related to SARS-CoV-2, difficulty in controlling emotions during the epidemic, and hours spent watching outbreaks per day.

In the present work we performed a genetic analysis of the Spike glycoprotein (S) of SARS-CoV-2 and other related coronaviruses (CoVs) isolated from different hosts in order to trace the evolutionary history of this protein and the adaptation of SARS-CoV-2 to humans.

Despite initial findings indicating that SARS-CoV and SARS-CoV-2 are genetically related belonging to the same virus species and that the two viruses used the same entry receptor, angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2), our data demonstrated that there is no detectable cross-neutralization by SARS patient sera against SARS-CoV-2.

Therefore, we may speculate that the different hormonal milieu could have a more profound pathophysiological role in association with SARS-CoV-2, with endogenous testosterone leaving men more prone to develop more serious complications related to the SARS-CoV-2 infection.

For this reason, we investigated the involvement of genetic factors associated with SARS-CoV-2 infection with a focus on angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE)-related genes, because ACE2 is a receptor for SARS-CoV-2.

We applied GOFIX to study the SARS-CoV-2 and related genomes including SARS-CoV and SARS-like viruses from bat, civet and pangolin hosts, focusing on the accessory proteins.

Unfortunately, there is somewhat limited knowledge of the role of NK cells in SARS-CoV-2 infections and even in the related SARS-CoV-1 and MERS-CoV infections.

In light of the recent discovery of SARS-CoV-2 and limited associated research, our review also focused on the closely related SARS-CoV-1.

While rich biological knowledge exists for SARS-CoV-2 and related viruses (SARS-CoV, MERS-CoV), integrating this knowledge is difficult and time consuming, since much of it is in siloed databases or in textual format.

SARS-CoV-2 is closely related to SARS-CoV, which caused the 2003 SARS outbreak.

SARS-CoV-2 is closely related to two other coronaviruses that caused disease epidemic breakouts in humans in the last 2 decades, namely, severe acute respiratory distress syndrome coronavirus (SARS-CoV) and Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus (MERS-CoV).

This review aimed to summarise all studies that examined the placenta or neonates following infection with SARS-CoV-2, or closely related highly pathogenic coronavirus (SARS-CoV-1, or the Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus (MERS-CoV)).

Multiple sequence alignment data correlated with the already published reports on SARS-CoV-2 evolution indicated that this virus is closely related to the bat severe acute respiratory syndrome-like coronavirus (bat SARS-like CoV) and the well-studied human SARS coronavirus (SARS-CoV).

Here, we review pathological findings in placentas from women who tested positive for SARS-CoV-2 as well as information on pregnancy outcomes associated with related and highly pathogenic coronaviruses (ie, severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS-COV) and the Middle East respiratory syndrome, MERS).

The highly contagious SARS-CoV-2 belongs to the genus Betacoronavirus, and it is phylogenetically closely related to SARS-CoV, a human CoV that caused an outbreak back in 2002 to 2003.

The transmission rate of SARS-CoV-2 infection is higher compared to that of the closely related SARS-CoV infections.

Genetically, SARS-CoV-2 is closely related to SARS-CoV, which caused a global epidemic with 8096 confirmed cases in more than 25 countries from 2002 to 2003.

On the other hand, animal data suggested a potential protective effect of ARBs against COVID-19 pneumonia because an ARB prevented the aggravation of acute lung injury in mice infected with SARS-CoV, which is closely related to SARS-CoV-2.

We compared the performance of three immunoassays, an in-house RBD assay, and two commercial assays, the Diasorin LIAISON SARS-CoV-2 S1/S1 IgG CLIA which detects antibodies against S1/S2 domains of the Spike protein and the Zydus Kavach assay based on inactivated virus using a well-characterized panel of sera.

SARS-CoV-2 RNA in stool specimens was associated with a milder condition and better recovery of chest CT results while the median duration of SARS-CoV-2 RNA persistence was significantly longer in fecal samples than in oropharyngeal swabs.

These findings imply the importance of CD4+ T cells (but not CD8+ and CD3+ T cells) in SARS-CoV-2 infection associated pneumonia and indicate that CD4+ T cells might be important for the control of SARS-CoV-2.

The increased expression of these SARS-CoV-2 cell entry associated genes in the placenta during the first trimester compared to later stages of pregnancy suggest the possibility of differential susceptibility to placental entry to SARS-CoV-2 across pregnancy.

Although SARS-CoV-2 is associated with a lower mortality rate than are SARS-CoV and MERS-CoV, its higher infectivity is making it a far more serious threat.

Using steered all-atom molecular dynamics simulations, we demonstrate that, like a coarse-grained simulation, SARS-CoV-2-RBD was associated with ACE2-PD more strongly than was SARS-CoV-RBD, as evidenced by a higher rupture force and larger pulling work.

Whilst research all over the world is still struggling to provide a detailed characterization of the biology of SARS-CoV2 and its associated disease profile, it has become evident that SARS-CoV2 uses the membrane-bound form of angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) as a receptor for cell internalization.

Studies from the most affected countries, including China, United States and Italy, seem to indicate that prevalence of diabetes among patients affected by COVID-19 is not higher than that observed in the general population, thus suggesting that diabetes is not a risk factor for SARS-CoV-2 infection.

During the development of a pseudotyped SARS-CoV-2 system, a eukaryotic expression plasmid expressing SARS-CoV-2 spike (S) protein was constructed and then co-transfected with HIV-1 based plasmid which containing the firefly luciferase reporter gene, into HEK293T cells to prepare the pseudotyped SARS-CoV-2 virus (ppSARS-2).

Moreover, these human genes have the codon composition perfectly correlated with the SARS-CoV-2, and were extraordinarily highly expressed in human lung tissues, demonstrating that the SARS-CoV-2 genes have similar GC usage as compared to the lung expressed human genes.

Although our report cannot fully establish causality between COVID-19 and the development of diabetes in this patient, considering that SARS-CoV-2 entry receptors, including angiotensin-converting enzyme 2, are expressed on pancreatic β-cells and, given the circumstances of this case, we suggest that SARS-CoV-2 infection, or COVID-19, might negatively affect pancreatic function, perhaps through direct cytolytic effects of the virus on β-cells.

Using this established immunogen design, the release of SARS-CoV-2 sequences triggered immediate rapid manufacturing of an mRNA vaccine expressing the prefusion-stabilized SARS-CoV-2 spike trimer (mRNA-1273).

Upon challenge with a human isolate of SARS-CoV-2, mice expressing human ACE2 and immunized with VSV-eGFP-SARS-CoV-2 show profoundly reduced viral infection and inflammation in the lung indicating protection against pneumonia.

Upon challenge with a human isolate of SARS-CoV-2, mice that expressed human ACE2 and were immunized with VSV-eGFP-SARS-CoV-2 show profoundly reduced viral infection and inflammation in the lung, indicating protection against pneumonia.

These features may be attributable to the following facts: (a) COVID-19 is caused by the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2), and its receptor angiotensin converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) was found to be highly expressed in GI epithelial cells, providing a prerequisite for SARS-CoV-2 infection.

SARS-CoV-2 entry starts with the binding of the spike glycoprotein expressed on the viral envelope to ACE2 on the alveolar surface followed by clathrin-dependent endocytosis of the SARS-CoV-2 and ACE2 complex.

Conclusions:ACE2, the gene encoding the receptor for SARS-CoV-2 is expressed in the human airway epithelium, with variations in expression relevant to the biology of initial steps in SARS-CoV-2 infection.

Conclusions:ACE2, the gene encoding the receptor for SARS-CoV-2, is expressed in the human airway epithelium, with variations in expression relevant to the biology of initial steps in SARS-CoV-2 infection.

Angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) protein, which has been proven to be a cell receptor for SARS-CoV-2 is expressed in the glandular cells of gastric, duodenal, and rectal epithelia, supporting the entry of SARS-CoV-2 into the host cells.

Angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) protein, which has been proven to be a cell receptor for SARS-CoV-2, is expressed in the glandular cells of gastric, duodenal, and rectal epithelia, supporting the entry of SARS-CoV-2 into the host cells.

The overexpression of NPIPB3 restored the IFN-β responses in SARS-CoV ORF6 expressing cells, indicating that the interaction of SARS CoV ORF6 and NPIPB3 reduced Type I IFN antagonism by SARS-CoV ORF6.

We investigated the immune responses and pathologies of SARS-CoV-infected BALB/c mice that were immunized intradermally with recombinant vaccinia virus (VV) that expressed either the SARS-CoV spike (S) protein (LC16m8rVV-S) or simultaneously all the structural proteins, including the nucleocapsid (N), membrane (M), envelope (E), and S proteins (LC16m8rVV-NMES) 7-8 wk before intranasal SARS-CoV infection.

We found that the vaccine given intramuscularly induced a neutralizing antibody response to SARS-CoV that was approximately ten-fold greater than that required for the protection from SARS-CoV infection, and significantly greater than that generated by the replication-competent vector expressing SARS-CoV S protein given by the same route.

To identify the potential B-cell antigenic epitopes within the N-terminus of SARS-CoV (SARS-associated coronavirus, SARS-CoV) M protein and characterize monoclonal antibody (MAb) against the protein as well as its recognizing region, we expressed and purified a portion of SARS-CoV M protein (amino acid 1-43) in Escherichia coli (E.

To determine the ability of SARS-Cov nucleoprotein (N protein) to induce antiviral immunity, in this report, we established a stable C2C12 line expressing SARS-Cov N protein, which was used as a target for specific CTL assay.

A whole killed (inactivated by beta-propiolactone) SARS-CoV vaccine and a combination of two adenovirus-based vectors, one expressing the nucleocapsid (N) and the other expressing the spike (S) protein (collectively designated Ad S/N), were evaluated for the induction of serum neutralizing antibodies and cellular immune responses and their ability to protect against pulmonary SARS-CoV replication.

Using the SARS-CoV reverse genetics system, we generated and characterized a chimeric virus expressing the spike of bat coronavirus SHC014 in a mouse-adapted SARS-CoV backbone.

In the present study, recombinant SARS-CoV N protein was expressed and purified and nine specific MAbs against SARS-CoV N protein were obtained successfully.

One of the 169 peptides screened, peptide 9626 (S residues 217-234), inhibited SARS-CoV S-mediated entry of the pseudotyped virions in 293 T cells expressing a functional SARS-CoV receptor (human angiotensin-converting enzyme 2) in a dose-dependent manner (IC(50) approximately 11 microM).

To propagate a chimeric recombinant SARS-CoV bearing an SZ16 spike (S) glycoprotein (icSZ16-S), we constructed cell lines expressing the civet ortholog (DBT-cACE2) of the SARS-CoV receptor (hACE2).

In order to avoid the high risks involved in handling SARS-CoV and to facilitate the study of viral fusion mechanism, we established the cell lines: SR-COS7 cells that stably express both SARS-CoV S protein and red fluorescence protein, R-COS7 cells that stably express red fluorescence protein, and AG-COS7 cells that stably express both ACE2 and green fluorescence protein, respectively.

Angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE-2) has been identified as a functional receptor of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus (SARS-CoV), so its gene was cloned and eukaryotic expressed for further insight into mechanisms in SARS-CoV entry and pathogenesis, as well as development of a safe and reliable neutralization assay for SARS-CoV.

Using the single-round infection assay, we found that a two-amino acid substitution (N479K/T487S) of a huSARS-CoV for those of pcSARS-CoV almost abolished its infection of human cells expressing the SARS-CoV receptor ACE2 but no effect upon the infection of mouse ACE2 cells.

One scFv 80 R efficiently neutralized SARS-CoV and inhibited syncytia formation between cells expressing the S protein and those expressing the SARS-CoV receptor angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2).

Hydroxychloroquine or chloroquine with or without azithromycin have been widely promoted to treat COVID-19 following early in vitro antiviral effects against SARS-CoV-2 OBJECTIVE: The aim of this systematic review and meta-analysis was to assess whether chloroquine or hydroxychloroquine with or without azithromycin decreased COVID-19 mortality compared to the standard of care.

Hydroxychloroquine seems to promote a reduction in viral load, in vivo studies, preventing the entry of SARS-CoV-2 into lung cells, and the safety of its administration is questioned due to the toxic effects that it can develop, such as retinopathy, hypoglycemia and even cardiotoxicity.

Hydroxychloroquine seems to promote a reduction in viral load, in vivo studies preventing the entry of SARS-CoV-2 into lung cells, and the safety of its administration is questioned due to the toxic effects that it can develop, such as retinopathy, hypoglycemia and even cardiotoxicity.

This is a proof-of-concept of SARS-CoV-2 disease-drug interactions, and may support the need for optimal dose selection of sensitive CYP3A4 substrates in severe SARS-CoV-2 patients.

Our results suggest that long-lived and robust T cell immunity is generated following natural SARS-CoV-2 infection, and support an important role for SARS-CoV-2-specific T cells in host control of COVID-19.

Our results, which reveal the early kinetics of SARS-CoV-2 antibody responses support using the RBD antigen in serological diagnostic assays and RBD-specific antibody levels as a correlate of SARS-CoV-2 neutralizing antibodies in people.

Furthermore, SARS-CoV-2 RNA detected in a cerebrospinal fluid specimen of a patient with COVID-19 have provided direct evidence to support the theory of neurotropic involvement of SARS-CoV-2.

In an effort to search for the potential intermediate or amplifying animal hosts of SARS-CoV-2, we examined receptor activity of ACE2 from 14 mammal species and found that ACE2s from multiple species can support the infectious entry of lentiviral particles pseudotyped with the wild-type or furin cleavage site-deficient S protein of SARS-CoV-2.

Angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) protein, which has been proven to be a cell receptor for SARS-CoV-2, is expressed in the glandular cells of gastric, duodenal, and rectal epithelia supporting the entry of SARS-CoV-2 into the host cells.

Extensive, global collation of our current knowledge of SARS-CoV-2 will provide insights into novel treatment modalities, such as monoclonal antibodies, and support the development of a SARS-CoV-2 vaccine.

We showed that among four SARS-CoV-2 structural proteins, expression of membrane protein (M) and small envelope protein (E) are essential for efficient formation and release of SARS-CoV-2 VLPs.

Further, we speculated that the inconsistency between nucleic acids and serological characteristics IgM to SARS-CoV-2 of infants\ specimens may be caused by the disruption of the amniotic barrier by the inflammatory factors induced by SARS-CoV-2 infection.

Here, we developed a pilot-scale production of PiCoVacc, a purified inactivated SARS-CoV-2 virus vaccine candidate, which induced SARS-CoV-2-specific neutralizing antibodies in mice, rats, and nonhuman primates.

Here, we report the pilot-scale production of an inactivated SARS-CoV-2 vaccine candidate (BBIBP-CorV) that induces high levels of neutralizing antibodies titers in mice, rats, guinea pigs, rabbits, and nonhuman primates (cynomolgus monkeys and rhesus macaques) to provide protection against SARS-CoV-2.

SARS-CoV-2 and mustard gas inducing oxidative stress, immune system dysregulation, cytokine storm, and overexpression of angiotensin-converting enzyme II (ACE2) receptor in lungs that act as functional entry receptors for SARS-CoV-2.

By day 9 after the onset of symptoms, the recombinant SARS-CoV-2 RBD antigen was highly sensitive (98 %) and specific (100 %) for antibodies induced by SARS-CoVs.

The gamma interferon (IFN-gamma) release Elispot assay revealed that only SARS-CoV-specific peptides S1203 and S978 induced a high frequency of IFN-gamma-secreting T-cell response in HLA-A2(+) donors who had fully recovered from SARS-CoV infection.

These results indicate that SARS-CoV infection induces strong and long-lasting CTL-mediated immunity in surviving SARS patients, and that cross-reactive memory T cells to SARS-CoV may exist in the T cell repertoire of a small subset of healthy individuals and can be reactivated by SARS-CoV infection.

immunization with rADV encoding spike protein (S) (rADV-S) of severe acute respiratory syndrome-associated coronavirus (SARS-CoV) induces protective immunity against SARS-CoV and could serve as a safe mucosal route for delivery of rADV.

With an intraperitoneal (IP) immunization protocol, inactivated SARS-CoV alone induced significant amounts of SARS-CoV-specific IgG antibodies in sera and a small quantity of SARS-CoV-specific IgA antibodies in the genital tract and feces, but failed to induce any detectable SARS-CoV-specific IgA antibodies in sera, saliva, lung, and intestine, and the addition of CpG ODN 2006 had only a marginal effect on antibody production.

In contrast, with an intranasal (IN) immunization protocol, inactivated SARS-CoV alone failed to induce any detectable SARS-CoV-specific IgA antibodies in sera, saliva, lung, and intestine, except for a small quantity of IgA antibodies in fecal extracts and the genital tract, along with IgG antibodies in sera, but when given with adjuvant CpG ODN 2006, inactivated SARS-CoV induced significant amounts of SARS-CoV-specific IgG antibodies in sera, and a detectable amount of SARS-CoV-specific IgA antibodies in sera and all tested mucosal secretions and tissues (i.

Both recombinant viruses stably expressed the corresponding SARS-CoV proteins, grew to similar end titres as the parental strain and induced high antibody titres against MV and the vectored SARS-CoV antigens (S and N) in transgenic mice susceptible to measles infection.

Identification of a conserved antigenic determinant on the S2 domain of the SARS-CoV S protein, which has the potential for inducing neutralizing antibodies, has implications in the development of effective vaccines against SARS-CoV.

These data suggest that the major neutralizing epitopes of SARS-CoV have been apparently maintained during cross-species transmission, and that RBD-based vaccines may induce broad protection against both human and animal SARS-CoV variants.

A single inoculation with the RV-based vaccine expressing SARS-CoV S protein induced a strong SARS-CoV-neutralizing antibody response.

In this article, we summarize pulmonary fibrotic changes observed after a SARS-CoV infection, discuss the extent to which other respiratory viruses induce fibrosis, describe available animal models to study the development of SARS-CoV induced fibrosis and review evidence that pulmonary fibrosis is caused by a hyperactive host response to lung injury mediated by epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) signaling.

Our previous studies have shown that a candidate SARS vaccine antigen consisting of the receptor-binding domain (RBD) of SARS-CoV spike protein can induce potent neutralizing antibody responses and protection against SARS-CoV challenge in vaccinated animals.

These SARS-CoV vaccines all induced antibody and protection against infection with SARS-CoV.

In the present study, we demonstrated that the intraperitoneal and intranasal co-administration of inactivated SARS-CoV vaccine together with this improved Poly (I:C) derivative induced strong anti-SARS-CoV mucosal and systemic humoral immune responses with neutralizing activity against pseudotyped virus.

Although intraperitoneal immunization of inactivated SARS-CoV vaccine alone could induce a certain level of neutralizing activity in serum as well as in mucosal sites, co-administration of inactivated SARS-CoV vaccine with PIKA as adjuvant could induce a much higher neutralizing activity.

The developed RT-LAMP approach showed an increased sensitivity (88.89 %) and high consistency (kappa, 0.92) compared with those of reverse transcription-quantitative PCR (RT-qPCR) for SARS-CoV-2 screening while requiring only constant-temperature heating and visual inspection, facilitating SARS-CoV-2 screening in well-equipped labs as well as in the field.

Practical actions against the recent emergence and rapid expansion of the SARS-CoV-2 require the development and use of tools for discovering new molecular anti-SARS-CoV-2 targets.

The outbreak of pneumonia caused by SARS-CoV-2 posed a great threat to global human health, which urgently requires us to understand comprehensively the mechanism of SARS-CoV-2 infection.

These results suggest that when SARS-CoV binds ACE2 it is internalized and penetrates early endosomes in a clathrin-dependent manner and that the cytoplasmic tail of ACE2 is not required for the penetration of SARS-CoV.

According to the different studies on SARS-CoV-2 disinfection, because of the SARS-CoV-2 can remain in the air and on surfaces, as well as observing individual disinfection guidelines in different hospital areas, disinfection of surfaces is necessary to decrease SARS-CoV-2 spreading.

Further, we provided evidence suggesting that the MAPK pathway, downstream of ACE2, mediates the potentiating role of SARS-CoV-2 on platelet activation, and that platelet ACE2 expression decreases following SARS-COV-2 stimulation.

Notably, the macrophages expressing ACE2 as direct host cells of SARS-CoV-2 secrete chemokine and inflammatory cytokines, as well as a decrease in cellular immune responses to SARS-CoV-2 infection due to elevated exhaustion levels and dysfunctional diversity of T cells, that may be accountable for the " hyperinflammation and cytokine storm syndrome" and subsequently acute cardiac injury and deteriorating cardiovascular disease in COVID-19 patients.

Thus, it is expected that SARS-CoV-2 would decrease its infection ability much faster than SARS-CoV when the temperature rises.

The SARS-CoV-2-ACE2 complex contains a higher number of contacts, a larger interface area, and decreased interface residue fluctuations relative to the SARS-CoV-ACE2 complex.

Pulmonary infection with the human SARS-CoV in mice led to an ACE2-dependent myocardial infection with a marked decrease in ACE2 expression confirming a critical role of ACE2 in mediating SARS-CoV infection in the heart.

Pretreatment of cells with beta interferon prior to SARS-CoV infection led to a significant decrease in PERK activation, eIF2alpha phosphorylation, and SARS-CoV replication.

The present mini-review aims to address the phenomenon of ADE of SARS-CoV-2 through the lessons learned from SARS-CoV and MERS-CoV and ways to mitigate them so as to develop better vaccines and immunotherapeutics against SARS-CoV-2.

SARS-CoV RBD-specific antibodies could cross-react with SARS-CoV-2 RBD protein, and SARS-CoV RBD-induced antisera could cross-neutralize SARS-CoV-2, suggesting the potential to develop SARS-CoV RBD-based vaccines for prevention of SARS-CoV-2 and SARS-CoV infection.

The antibodies also effectively suppressed SARS-CoV-2 RBD binding to soluble ACE2, indicating that RBD-mFc may be further developed as a safe and effective SARS-CoV-2 vaccine.

Built on the fact that SARS-CoV-2 initiates its entry into human cells by the receptor binding domain (RBD) of its spike protein binding to the angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (hACE2), we extended a recently developed approach, EvoDesign, to design multiple peptide sequences that can competitively bind to the SARS-CoV-2 RBD to inhibit the virus from entering human cells.

Finally, determining the structural-functional relationships of the S protein of SARS-CoV-2 will provide new insights into inhibition of interactions between S protein and angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) and enable us to develop novel therapeutic approaches for novel coronavirus SARS-CoV-2.

Overall, our study has revealed the presence of different key epitopes between SARS-CoV and SARS-CoV-2, which indicates the necessity to develop new prophylactic vaccine and antibody drugs for specific control of the COVID-19 pandemic although the available agents obtained from the SARS-CoV study are unneglectable.

Our study demonstrates that although both SARS-CoV and SARS-CoV-2 use ACE2 as a cellular receptor, the neutralization epitopes are not shared by these two closely-related viruses, highlighting challenges towards developing a universal vaccine against SARS-CoV related viruses.

Given the PLpro proteases of SARS-CoV-2 and SARS-CoV share significant homology, inhibitor developed for SARS-CoV PLpro is a promising starting point of therapeutic development.

The similarities have enabled the scientists to apply the basic scientific discoveries garnered from studying the structure and modus operandi of SARS-CoV and MERS-CoV to develop therapies that specifically target SARS-CoV-2 and to develop vaccines to prevent COVID-19.

In this chapter, we describe the pathology of SARS-CoV infection in humans and explore the use of two models of the human conducting airway to develop a better understanding of the replication and pathogenesis of SARS-CoV in relevant in vitro systems.

Mice that were immunised twice with the candidate SARS-CoV vaccine developed high antibody titres against the SARS-CoV spike protein and high levels of neutralising antibodies.

To investigate this dichotomy in severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus (SARS-CoV), we developed a transcriptional network model of SARS-CoV infection in mice and used the model to prioritize candidate regulatory targets for further investigation.

Furthermore, the immunoassay of SARS-CoV NP antigen developed could be an effective and sensitive method of diagnosing SARS-suspected individuals during a future SARS-CoV outbreak.

These anti-SARS-CoV NP MAbs, with their high specificity, are potentially ideal candidates for developing early and sensitive diagnostic assays for SARS-CoV.

Thus, VSV pseudotyped with SARS-CoV S protein is useful for developing a rapid detection system for neutralizing antibody specific for SARS-CoV infection as well as studying the S-mediated cell entry of SARS-CoV.

VSV-SARS-St19 will be useful for analysing the function of SARS-CoV-S protein and for developing rapid methods of detecting neutralizing antibodies specific for SARS-CoV infection.

Under the pressure of the accelerating COVID-19 pandemic caused by the outbreak of SARS-CoV-2 in Wuhan, China in December 2019, novel and repurposed drugs were recently designed and identified for targeting the SARS-CoV-2 reproduction machinery, with the aim to limit the spread of SARS-CoV-2 and morbidity and mortality due to the COVID-19 pandemic.

While there is some evidence that SARS-CoV-2 can invade the human placenta limited data exist on the gestational-age dependent expression profile of the SARS-CoV-2 cell entry mediators, ACE2 and TMPRSS2 at the human maternal-fetal interface.

This study revealed a new mechanism of SARS-CoV P6 in limiting the IFN signaling to promote SARS-CoV survival in host cells.

Healthy adults 18-55 and 65-85 years of age were randomized in an ongoing, placebo-controlled, observer-blinded dose-escalation study to receive 2 doses at 21-day intervals of placebo or either of 2 lipid nanoparticle-formulated, nucleoside-modified RNA vaccine candidates: BNT162b1, which encodes a secreted trimerized SARS-CoV-2 receptor-binding domain, or BNT162b2, which encodes a prefusion stabilized membrane-anchored SARS-CoV-2 full-length spike.

While vaccine development will hopefully quell the global pandemic of COVID-19 caused by SARS-CoV-2, small molecule drugs that can effectively control SARS-CoV-2 infection are urgently needed.

67 specimens from 48 patients with PCR-confirmed COVID-19 and a positive result by the Roche Elecsys Anti-SARS-CoV-2, Abbott SARS-CoV-2 IgG, or EUROIMMUN SARS-CoV-2 IgG assays and 5 control specimens were analyzed for the presence of neutralizing antibodies to SARS-CoV-2.

Predicting a rapid spread of the SARS-CoV-2 virus within our region, the Department for Women\s and Children\s Health promptly decided (i) to revise the distribution of the clinical areas in order to create both designated COVID-19 and COVID-19-free areas with their own access, (ii) to reinforce infection prevention control (IPC) measures for all healthcare workers and administrative staff and (iii) to adopt the new " double-gate approach": a phone call pre-triage and nasopharyngeal swab for SARS-CoV-2 detection before the admission of all patients and caregivers.

We also detected low levels of SARS-CoV-2-reactive T cells in 2 out of 10 healthy controls not previously exposed to SARS-CoV-2, which is indicative of cross-reactivity due to past infection with \ common cold\ coronaviruses.

Cells with such features were mostly absent in SARS-CoV-2 responsive cells from both COVID-19 patients and healthy controls non-exposed to SARS-CoV-2.

Here we use a large panel of human sera (63 SARS-CoV-2 patients and 71 control subjects) and hyperimmune sera from animals exposed to zoonotic CoVs to evaluate RBD\s performance as an antigen for reliable detection of SARS-CoV-2-specific antibodies.

This review provides a comprehensive review of MHV in mice and SARS-CoV-2 in humans, thereby highlighting further translational avenues in the development of innovative strategies in controlling the detrimental course of SARS-CoV-2.

Coronavirus disease-2019 (COVID-19) \240\infection and its severity can be explained by the concentration of glycosylated severe acute respiratory syndrome-coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) viral particles in the lung epithelium, the concentration of glycosylated angiotensin-converting enzyme receptor 2 (ACE2) in the lung epithelium, and the degree and control of the pulmonary immune response to the SARS-CoV-2 spike protein at approximately day 8 to 10 after symptom onset, which may be related to both.

These results show that a DNA vaccine encoding CRT linked to a SARS-CoV antigen is capable of generating strong N-specific humoral and cellular immunity and may potentially be useful for control of infection with SARS-CoV.

Using mouse models of SARS-CoV pathogenesis, we have identified that the wound repair pathway controlled by the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR), is critical to recovery from SARS-CoV-induced tissue damage.

The limit of detection (LoD) of SARs-CoV-2 from floor samples collected using the CGp or TMI swabs was similar or better than the CDC standard, further suggesting that swab type does not impact RNA recovery as measured by SARs-CoV-2.

Our predicted miRNA targets of the ss-RNA of SARS-CoV-2 might destabilize the ss-RNA translation of SARS-CoV-2 that has been established by more than 80 % of asymptomatic infected cases in Jordan due to host miRNA interactions.

Similarly, hypoxoside isolated from Hypoxis hemerocallidea and uzarin from Xysmalobium undulatum, were identified as a potential inhibitor of SARS-CoV-2 receptor binding domain and SARS-CoV-2 RNA-dependent polymerase.

A single immunization with an adenovirus serotype 26 vector-based vaccine expressing a stabilized SARS-CoV-2 spike protein elicited binding and neutralizing antibody responses and protected against SARS-CoV-2-induced weight loss, pneumonia and mortality.

To facilitate the evaluation of antiviral CD8 T cell responses to SARS-CoV-2, we generated a publicly accessible database of epitopes predicted to bind any class I HLA protein across the entire SARS-CoV-2 proteome.

Following immunization of mice and guinea pigs with INO-4800 we measure antigen-specific T cell responses, functional antibodies which neutralize the SARS-CoV-2 infection and block Spike protein binding to the ACE2 receptor, and biodistribution of SARS-CoV-2 targeting antibodies to the lungs.

SARS-CoV-2 RBD exhibited significantly higher binding affinity to ACE2 receptor than SARS-CoV RBD and could block the binding and, hence, attachment of SARS-CoV-2 RBD and SARS-CoV RBD to ACE2-expressing cells, thus inhibiting their infection to host cells.

We caracterized how a single mutation in the wildtype sequence of of SARS-CoV-2 could influence the peptide binding of SARS-CoV-2 variants to MHC class II, but not to MHC class I alleles.

The affinity between ACE2 and the SARS-CoV-2 S protein is much higher than that of ACE2 binding to the SARS-CoV S protein, explaining why SARS-CoV-2 seems to be more readily transmitted from human to human.

Many efforts to design and screen therapeutics for the current severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2) pandemic have focused on inhibiting viral host cell entry by disrupting ACE2 binding with the SARS-CoV-2 spike protein.

Since SARS-CoV-2 must bind with ACE2 before entering the host cells in humans, the distribution and expression of ACE2 may be critical for the target organ of the SARS-CoV-2 infection.

It was found that SARS-CoV-2 binds ACE2 with a higher affinity than SARS-CoV, which may partly explain that SARS-CoV-2 is much more infectious than SARS-CoV.

Although sharing a close evolutionary relationship with SARS-CoV, the receptor-binding domain of SARS-CoV-2 differs in several key amino acid residues, allowing for stronger binding affinity with the human ACE2 receptor, which may account for the greater pathogenicity of SARS-CoV-2.

Such similarity in structure and sequence strongly indicate convergent evolution between the SARS-CoV-2 and SARS-CoV RBDs for improved binding to ACE2, although SARS-CoV-2 does not cluster within SARS and SARS-related coronaviruses1-35.

We show that SARS-CoV-2\240\S uses ACE2 to enter cells and that the receptor-binding domains of SARS-CoV-2\240\S and SARS-CoV S bind with similar affinities to human ACE2, correlating with the efficient spread of SARS-CoV-2 among humans.

Although, SARS-Cov-2 primarily causes lung infection through binding of ACE2 receptors present on the alveolar epithelial cells, yet it was recently reported that SARS-CoV-2 RNA was found in the faeces of infected patients.

Here, we used X-ray structures of human ACE2 bound to the receptor-binding domain (RBD) of the spike protein (S) from SARS-CoV-2 to predict its binding to ACE2 proteins from different animals, including pets, farm animals, and putative intermediate hosts of SARS-CoV-2.

Despite the genomic similarity between SARS-CoV-2 and SARSCoV, the spike glycoprotein and receptor binding domain in SARS-CoV-2 shows the considerable difference compared to SARS-CoV, due to the presence of several point mutations.

We carried out virtual screening of antiviral compounds targeting the spike glycoprotein (S), main protease (Mpro), and the SARS-CoV-2 receptor binding domain (RBD)-angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) complex of SARS-CoV-2.

The S proteins from SARS and SARS-CoV-2 are similar, but structural differences in the receptor binding domain (RBD) preclude the use of SARS-specific neutralizing antibodies to inhibit SARS-CoV-2.

It was reviewed that therapeutics targeting SARS-CoV-2 binding to ACE2 receptor, viral RNA synthesis and replication, 3 CLpro, RdRp, and helicase will play a crucial role in the development of treatment for SARS-CoV-2 infection.

These findings suggest that the spike of SARS-CoV-2 could bind the ACE2 receptor of lagomorphs, and future studies should investigate the role of lagomorphs in SARS-CoV-2 epidemiology.

SARS-CoV-2 binding affinity to ACE2 is significantly higher (10-20 times) compared with SARS-CoV.

First, SARS-CoV-2 RBD has higher hACE2 binding affinity than SARS-CoV RBD, supporting efficient cell entry.

Recent studies indicate that the ACE2 interaction with the SARS-CoV-2 S protein has higher affinity than its binding with the structurally identical S protein of SARS-CoV-1, the virus causing the 2002-2004 SARS epidemic.

SARS-CoV-2 binds much more strongly than SARS-CoV to the same host receptor, angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2).

(Science2020, 367, 1260-1263) showed that the spike protein of SARS-CoV-2 binds to the ACE2 peptidase domain (ACE2-PD) more strongly than does SARS-CoV, and this fact may be associated with a greater severity of the new virus.

Our data suggest that the mutations in SARS-CoV-2 lead to a greater binding affinity relative to SARS-CoV.

Abilities of mAbs generated against SARS-CoV-1 S protein to bind SARS-CoV-2 or its S protein were tested with SARS-CoV-2 infected cells as well as cells expressing either the full length protein or a fragment of its S2 subunit.

The epitopes of two SARS-CoV antibodies that target the RBD are also analysed for binding to the SARS-CoV-2 RBD, providing insights into the future identification of cross-reactive antibodies.

SARS-CoV binds to the metalloprotease angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2), MERS-CoV utilizes dipeptidyl peptidase 4 (DPP4), and recent modeling of the structure of SARS-CoV-2 spike glycoprotein predicts that it can interact with human DPP4 in addition to ACE2.

It suggests the interaction between SARS-CoV2 S spike protein complex might have different binding conformations, which request full-length of SARS-CoV2 S protein complex in the structure-functional analysis.

Both antibodies competed with the SARS-CoV receptor, ACE2, for binding to the receptor-binding domain (RBD), suggesting a mechanism of neutralization that involves interference with the SARS-CoV-ACE2 interaction.

The spike (S) protein of severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) coronavirus (SARS-CoV) is not only responsible for receptor binding and virus fusion, but also a major Ag among the SARS-CoV proteins that induces protective Ab responses.

We have expressed a series of truncated spike (S) glycoproteins of SARS-CoV and found that the N-terminus 14-502 residuals were sufficient to bind to SARS-CoV susceptible Vero E6 cells.

S1 domain of SARS-CoV spike, which has been demonstrated harboring the receptor binding domain, successfully elicited SARS-CoV specific IgG antibody in mouse after combined immunization with DNA and purified S1 protein.

Despite SL-CoVs and SARS-CoV share identical genome structure and high-level sequence similarity, SL-CoV does not bind to the same cellular receptor as for SARS-CoV and the N-terminus of the S proteins only share 64 % amino acid identity, suggesting there are fundamental differences between these two groups of coronaviruses.

m396, CR3014) that target the ACE2 binding site of SARS-CoV failed to bind 2019-nCoV spike protein, implying that the difference in the RBD of SARS-CoV and 2019-nCoV has a critical impact for the cross-reactivity of neutralizing antibodies, and that it is still necessary to develop novel monoclonal antibodies that could bind specifically to 2019-nCoV RBD.

LF may play a protective role in host defense against SARS-CoV infection through binding to HSPGs and blocking the preliminary interaction between SARS-CoV and host cells.

One notable exception is ACE2 residue 354, at the boundary of the SARS-CoV binding site, whose alteration markedly inhibited utilization by the HCoV-NL63 but not SARS-CoV S proteins.

During in vivo passage of SARS-CoV, a single amino acid substitution was introduced within the binding domain of the viral spike protein recognizing angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2), which is known as a SARS-CoV receptor.

Here we identify a metallopeptidase, angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2), isolated from SARS coronavirus (SARS-CoV)-permissive Vero E6 cells, that efficiently binds the S1 domain of the SARS-CoV S protein.

SARS-CoV-2 uses angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) for entry into human host cells, and ACE2 levels in target cells may influence SARS-CoV-2 susceptibility.

Similarly, Vitamin D may interfere with functions of 19 of 27 (70 %) of the SARS-CoV-2 proteins by altering expression of 84 of 332 (25 %) of human genes encoding protein targets of SARS-CoV-2.

To provide data support for the study of pathogenic mechanism of SARS-CoV-2 at the molecular level, and provide suitable candidate targets for vaccine, antibody and drug research and development through comparative analysis for structural characteristics and epitopes of S protein of SARS-CoV-2 and SARS-CoV.

Much progress in understanding the SARS-CoV-2 and molecular details of its life cycle followed by the identification of new therapeutic targets are needed to lead us to an efficient approach in anti-SARS-CoV-2 drug discovery.

Targeted therapy strategies against SARS-CoV-2 cell entry mechanisms fall into four main categories: strategies targeting virus receptors on the host, strategies neutralizing SARS-CoV-2 spike protein, strategies targeting virus fusion to host cells, and strategies targeting endosomal and non-endosomal dependent pathways of virus entry.

Since SARS-CoV-2 uses the spike (S) protein for entry to the host cell, it is one of the most preferred targets for making vaccines or therapeutics against SARS-CoV-2.

To rapidly evaluate in vivo efficacy, we engineered a chimeric SARS-CoV encoding the viral target of RDV, the RNA-dependent RNA polymerase, of SARS-CoV-2.

To rapidly evaluate in\240\vivo efficacy, we engineered a chimeric SARS-CoV encoding the viral target of RDV, the RNA-dependent RNA polymerase of SARS-CoV-2.

The receptor-binding domain (RBD) on spike protein of severe acute respiratory syndrome-associated coronavirus (SARS-CoV) is the main region interacting with the viral receptor-ACE2 and is a useful target for induction of neutralizing antibodies against SARS-CoV infection.

Finally, ACE2, the cellular receptor for SARS-CoV, and TMPRSS2 were found to be coexpressed by type II pneumocytes, which represent important viral target cells, suggesting that SARS S is cleaved by TMPRSS2 in the lung of SARS-CoV-infected individuals.

Identification of angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) as an obligate cellular receptor for SARS-CoV contributed to understanding of the SARS-CoV entry process, and helped to characterize two targets of antiviral therapeutics: the SARS-CoV spike protein and ACE2.

Here we demonstrate that SARS-CoV mainly utilizes the clathrin-mediated endocytosis pathway for its entry to target cells by using infectious SARS-CoV, as well as a SARS-CoV pseudovirus packaged in the SARS-CoV envelope.

SARS-CoV S protein and its RNA were only detected in ACE2+ cells in the lungs and other organs, indicating that ACE2-expressing cells are the primary targets for SARS-CoV infection in vivo in humans.

We demonstrate that a potent SARS-CoV PLpro inhibitor GRL0617 is highly effective in inhibiting protease activity of SARS-CoV-2 with the IC50 of 2.2 ±0.

Here, we present data assessing the antiviral activity of 20 FDA approved drugs against SARS-CoV-2 that also inhibit SARS-CoV and MERS-CoV in vitro We find 17 of these inhibit SARS-CoV-2, suggesting these may have pan-anti-coronaviral activity.

It is suggested that H2S may block SARS-CoV-2 entry into host cells by interfering with ACE2 and TMPRSS2 inhibit SARS-CoV-2 replication by attenuating virus assembly/release, and protect SARS-CoV-2-induced lung damage by suppressing immune response and inflammation development.

Together, our study shows that nafamostat mesylate potently inhibits SARS-CoV-2 S protein-mediated fusion in a cell fusion assay system and also inhibits SARS-CoV-2 infection in vitro in a cell-type-dependent manner.

EK1C4 was also highly effective against membrane fusion and infection of other human coronavirus pseudoviruses tested, including SARS-CoV and MERS-CoV, as well as SARSr-CoVs, and potently inhibited the replication of 5 live human coronaviruses examined, including SARS-CoV-2.

Here, we present data on the antiviral activity of 20 FDA approved drugs against SARS-CoV-2 that also inhibit SARS-CoV and MERS-CoV.

The chimeric DNA-RNA hammerhead ribozyme targeting SARS-CoV significantly inhibited the expression of SARS-CoV RNA in 3 T3 cells transfected with the recombinant plasmid.

Furthermore, these data suggest that SARS-CoV-mediated disease is largely immune driven and that inhibiting complement signaling after SARS-CoV infection might function as an effective immune therapeutic.

We have previously shown that SSYA10-001 blocks severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus (SARS-CoV) replication by inhibiting SARS-CoV helicase (nsp13).

\240\Finally, we demonstrate that SARS-CoV S murine polyclonal antibodies potently inhibited SARS-CoV-2 S mediated entry into cells, indicating that cross-neutralizing antibodies targeting conserved S epitopes can be elicited upon vaccination.

Interestingly, I detected several nonsense mutations and three main deletions in the ORF8 gene that either remove or significantly change the ORF8 protein.

Here, we report a 382-nucleotide (nt) deletion in SARS-CoV-2 that truncates open reading frame 7 b (ORF7b) and ORF8 removing the ORF8 transcription regulatory sequence (TRS) and eliminating ORF8 transcription.

Here we show that a clinically approved anti-HCV drug, Boceprevir, and a pre-clinical inhibitor against feline infectious peritonitis (corona) virus (FIPV), GC376, both efficaciously inhibit SARS-CoV-2 in Vero cells by targeting Mpro.

In conclusion, darunavir-cobicistat therapy was found to be associated with a significant survival benefit in critically ill patients with SARS-CoV-2 infection.

However, the SARS-CoV-2 host tropism/adaptation pattern has significant discrepancies compared to other CoVs raising questions concerning the proximal origin of SARS-CoV-2.

To investigate whether a neutralizing antibody against SARS-CoV raised in an artiodactylous host can have a protective role on primate cells, we prepared serum IgGs and their pepsin-digested F(ab\) 2 fragments from horses inoculated with purified SARS-CoV (BJ-01 strain).

Occurrence of immune-mediated enhancement of SARS-CoV infection raises safety concerns regarding the use of SARS-CoV vaccine in humans and enables new ways to investigate SARS pathogenesis (tropism and immune response deregulation).

Transfusion of convalescent plasma will not affect outcomesof COVID-19 patients, which can neutralize SARS-CoV-2 in patients and reduce the loading capacity of SARS-CoV-2.

In patients with severe disease compared to mild disease, we found increased proportions of cytotoxic follicular helper (T FH) cells and cytotoxic T helper cells (CD4-CTLs) responding to SARS-CoV-2, and reduced proportion of SARS-CoV-2 reactive regulatory T cells.

In patients with severe disease compared to mild disease, we found increased proportions of cytotoxic follicular helper (TFH) cells and cytotoxic T helper cells (CD4-CTLs) responding to SARS-CoV-2, and reduced proportion of SARS-CoV-2 reactive regulatory T cells.

First, ACE and ACE2, genes that play key roles in SARS-CoV-2 infection, have some variants that are predicted to reduce the severity of SARS-CoV-2 infection.

Next, we examined IFN competent Calu3 2 B4 cells finding SARS-CoV-2 had reduced viral replication relative to SARS-CoV and induced STAT1 phosphorylation late during infection.

Finally, SARS-CoV but not NL63 replicated efficiently in ACE2-positive Vero cells and reduced ACE2 expression, indicating robust receptor interference in the context of SARS-CoV but not NL63 infection.

Network analyses highlighted HNF4A as key regulator of ileal ACE2, while pro-inflammatory cytokines and interferon regulating factors regulated colonic ACE2.

These results point to the potential role of ACE2 deficiency in regulating the tissue and circulating levels of AngII and their sequelae in the context of diabetes, as well as the preservation or augmentation of ACE2 expression or activity as a potential therapeutic target for the prevention of CVD (cardiovascular disease) in diabetes.

In conclusion, our study reveals that the ACE2/A1-7/MAS axis improves beta-cell function through regulating GAD67/GABA signal in beta cells and that up-regulating the ACE2/A1-7/MAS axis and GABA signals delays the development of obesity-induced diabetes.

Overexpression of ACE2 regulates the ACE2/Ang-(1-7)/Mas and ACE/Ang II/AT1 axes to maintain dynamic balance of the renin-angiotensin system, and attenuate inflammatory response.

Two ACE2 noncoding variants (rs4646118 and rs143185769) present in ∼9% of individuals of African descent may regulate ACE2 expression and may be associated with increased susceptibility of African Americans to SARS-CoV-2.

We scanned the literature for evidence on drugs that target the virus entry machinery into host cells and consist mainly of ACE2 and TMPRSS2, as well as other cellular molecules regulating ACE2 expression, such as ADAM-17 and calmodulin.

Phorbol ester, ionomycin, endotoxin, and IL-1beta and TNFalpha acutely induced ACE2 release, further supporting that ADAM17 and ADAM10 regulate ACE2 cleavage.

This article describes the role of ACE2 and Ang (1-7) in cardiac remodeling and heart failure and the related mechanisms, and discusses the potential benefits by regulating ACE2 activity and Ang (1-7) levels in clinical and experimental studies, hopefully providing potential therapeutic strategies.

Objectives Hydroxychloroquine (HCQ) is an anti-malarial and immunomodulatory drug reported to inhibit the Corona virus, SARS-CoV-2, in vitro.

Chloroquine appears to inhibit in vitro SARS virus\ replication and to interfere with SARS-CoV2 receptor (ACE2).

Of specific interest are chloroquine/hydroxychloroquine\s ability to inhibit SARS-CoV infection by impairing ACE2, the SARS-CoV2 entry point, through terminal glycosylation via effects on TGN/post-Golgi pH homeostasis.

The gold metallodrugs were effective inhibitors of the interaction of the SARS-CoV-2 spike protein with the angiotensin converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) host receptor and might thus interfere with the viral entry process.

At the time of writing, in vivo studies of SARS-CoV-2 infection have been described using macaques, cats, ferrets, hamsters, and transgenic mice expressing human angiotensin I converting enzyme 2 (ACE2).

Recent studies have found that the pathogen of COVID-19, severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2), shares the same cell receptor angiotensin converting enzyme II (ACE2) as\240\SARS-CoV.

Immunization of mice with VSV-eGFP-SARS-CoV-2 elicits high titers of antibodies that neutralize SARS-CoV-2 infection and target the receptor binding domain that engages human angiotensin converting enzyme-2 (ACE2).

Because AT2 cells express the SARS-CoV-2 receptors angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE2) and transmembrane protease/serine subfamily member 2 (TMPRSS2), we expected their expression would decline as AT2 cells were depleted by hyperoxia.

Here we present an efficient competitive serological assay that can simultaneously determine an individual\s seropositivity against the SARS-CoV-2 Spike protein and estimate the neutralizing capacity of anti-Spike antibodies to block interaction with the human angiotensin converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) required for viral entry.

SARS-CoV-2 infection occurs through binding and internalization of the viral spike protein to angiotensin converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) on the host cell membrane.

The main receptor of SARS-CoV-2, angiotensin I converting enzyme 2 (ACE2), is now undergoing extensive scrutiny to understand the routes of transmission and sensitivity in different species.

Current neutralizing antibody development studies primarily target the S protein among the structural elements of SARS-CoV-2, which mediates the cell entry of the virus through the angiotensin converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) receptor of host cells.

SARS-coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) enters the host-cells by binding the transmembraneous angiotensin converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) when causing coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19).

The SARS-CoV-2 virus responsible for the infection depends on two human genes: the human receptor angiotensin converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) for cell invasion, and the serine protease TMPRSS2 for S protein priming.

Due to the cellular entry of the novel coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2) modulated by angiotensin converting enzyme 2 (ACE2), the ACE2 bearing prostate is therefore hypothesized as a susceptible organ to COVID-19.

Here we established a quantitative fusion assay dependent on severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) S protein, angiotensin I converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) and TMPRSS2, and found that nafamostat mesylate potently inhibited the fusion while camostat mesylate was about 10-fold less active.

It remains unclear why children and young adults are less severely affected than older individuals, but this might involve differences in immune system function in the elderly and/or differences in the expression/function of the cellular receptor for Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2)-Angiotensin converting enzyme 2 (ACE2).

An important stage in severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) life cycle is the binding of the spike (S) protein to the angiotensin converting enzyme-2 (ACE2) host cell receptor.

The main host receptor of the SARS-CoV-2 is angiotensin converting enzyme 2 (ACE2), a major component of the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system (RAAS).

Recently it was shown that the SARS-CoV-2 spike protein, binds to the human angiotensin I converting enzyme 2 (ACE2).

SARS-CoV-2 binds to angiotensin converting enzyme-2 (ACE2) to facilitate infection in humans.

Spike (S) glycoprotein is the structural protein of SARS-CoV-2 located on the envelope surface, involve in interaction with angiotensin converting enzyme 2 (ACE2), a cell surface receptor, followed by entry into the host cell.

SARS-CoV-2 binds to its receptor, the angiotensin converting enzyme 2 (ACE2).

The novel 2019 SARS-CoV-2 enters the host cell by binding of the viral surface spike glycoprotein (S-protein) to cellular angiotensin converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) receptor.

It has been reported that SARS-CoV-2 enters into the host cell through interaction between conserved residues of viral spike protein and angiotensin converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) receptor which is highly expressed in host\s cardiac and pulmonary cells and finally transmembrane protease, serine-2 (TMPRSS2), helps in priming of the surface protein.

The reports indicate the ability of SARS-CoV-2 to affect almost any organ due to the presence of a receptor known as angiotensin converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) across the body.

Its aetiological agent, the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2), requires angiotensin converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) for cellular entry.

The new coronavirus SARS-CoV-2, responsible for the Covid-19 pandemic, uses the angiotensin converting enzyme type 2 (ACE2), a physiological inhibitor of the renin angiotensin aldosterone system (RAAS), as a cellular receptor to infect cells.

We show that SARS-CoV-2 spike protein interacts with cell surface heparan sulfate and angiotensin converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) through its Receptor Binding Domain.

SARS-CoV-2 infects human cells by using angiotensin converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) as a receptor, which is cleaved by transmembrane proteases during host cells infection, thus reducing its activities.

It has been shown that SARS-CoV-2 utilizes angiotensin converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) as host receptor and host proteases for cell surface binding and internalization.

As the main receptor of syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2), angiotensin converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) is also found to be highly expressed not only in respiratory mucosa and alveolar epithelial cells, but also in renal tubule cells, testicular Leydig cells and seminiferous tubule cells.

SARS-CoV-2 spike protein binding to angiotensin converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) is critical for viral cell entry and infection.

The main active compounds of HSBDF were docked with SARS-CoV-2 and angiotensin converting enzyme II (ACE2).

To seek potential Chinese herbal medicine (CHM) for the treatment of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) through the molecular docking of the medicine with SARS-CoV-2 3 CL hydrolytic enzyme and the angiotensin converting enzyme II(ACE2) as receptors, using computer virtual screening technique, so as to provide a basis for combination forecasting.

It has been now clearly established that severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2), the virus causing COVID-19, infects the host cell through biding and being internalized with angiotensin converting enzyme 2 (ACE2), a surface protein expressed in a noticeable number of human cells, especially in those of upper and lower respiratory tracts, heart, kidney, testis, adipose tissue, gastrointestinal system and in lymphocytes.

The new coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2), which has been responsible for the recent coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic, uses the cell receptor angiotensin converting enzyme-2 (ACE2) for entry and the serine protease TMPRSS2 for spike (S) protein priming.

SARS-CoV-2 enters host cells through an interaction between the spike glycoprotein and the angiotensin converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) receptor.

Severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) binds to human host cells using angiotensin converting enzyme 2 (ACE2).

A handful of static structures now provide molecular insights into how SARS-CoV-2 and SARS-CoV interact with its host target, which is the angiotensin converting enzyme 2 (ACE2).

The SARS-CoV-2 betacoronavirus uses its highly glycosylated trimeric Spike protein to bind to the cell surface receptor angiotensin converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) glycoprotein and facilitate host cell entry.

Studies of the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2) spike protein receptor binding domain suggest that infection requires binding to HS and angiotensin converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) in a codependent manner.

While SARS-CoV-2 uses angiotensin converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) as the receptor for cell entry, it is important to examine other potential interactions between the virus and other cell receptors.

SARS-CoV-2 gains entry into host cells via an interaction between its Spike protein and the host cell receptor angiotensin converting enzyme 2 (ACE2).

These same lipid domains recruit the SARS-CoV-2 surface receptor angiotensin converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) to an endocytic entry point and their disruption by cholesterol depletion decreases ACE2 recruitment and viral entry.

The practice of serial passage mimics a natural zoonotic jump, and offers explanations for SARS-CoV-2\s distinctive spike-protein region and its unexpectedly high affinity for angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE2), as well as the notable polybasic furin cleavage site within it.

Severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2), a novel member of the betacoronaviruses family affecting the lower respiratory tract mainly through binding to angiotensin converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) via its S-protein.

We have recently demonstrated that the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus (SARS-CoV) receptor angiotensin converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) also mediates cellular entry of the newly discovered human coronavirus (hCoV) NL63.

In this work, efficiently transfectable mouse cell lines stably expressing the murine SARS-CoV receptor angiotensin converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) have been generated.

The binding of SARS-CoV (CoV) spike protein (S-Protein) Receptor Binding Domain (RBD) to Angiotensin converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) receptor initiates the entry of corona virus into the host cells leading to the infection.

It has been known that, the novel coronavirus, 2019-nCoV, which is considered similar to SARS-CoV, invades human cells via the receptor angiotensin converting enzyme II (ACE2).

Acting as the receptor for SARS-CoV entering mammalian cells, angiotensin converting enzyme-2 (ACE2) plays a pivotal role in the regulation of cardiovascular cell function.

Like SARS-CoV, some bat SL-CoVs, such as WIV1, also use angiotensin converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) from human and bat as entry receptor.

Diverse SARS-like coronaviruses (SL-CoVs) have now been reported from bats in China, Europe and Africa, but none is considered a direct progenitor of SARS-CoV because of their phylogenetic disparity from this virus and the inability of their spike proteins to use the SARS-CoV cellular receptor molecule, the human angiotensin converting enzyme II (ACE2).

Amino acids 319-510 on the S protein have been mapped as the receptor-binding domain (RBD), which mediates binding to the SARS-CoV receptor angiotensin converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) on SARS-CoV susceptible cells.

Stimulating peripheral blood mononuclear cells from COVID-19 convalescent patients with overlapping peptides from severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) led to the clonal expansion of SARS-CoV-2-specific CD8+ and CD4+ T cells in vitro, with CD4+ T cells being robust.

\240\Like in many other viral infections, severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus-2 (SARS-CoV-2) infection can potentially lead to an array of rheumatological and autoimmune manifestations by molecular mimicry (cross-reacting epitope between the virus and the host), bystander killing (virus-specific CD8 + T cells migrating to the target tissues and exerting cytotoxicity), epitope spreading, viral persistence (polyclonal activation due to the constant presence of viral antigens driving immune-mediated injury) and formation of neutrophil extracellular traps.

In sum, we propose a two-hit scenario in the emergence of the SARS-CoV-2 virus whereby the SARS-CoV-2 ancestors in bats first acquired genetic characteristics of SARS-CoV by incorporation of a SARS-like RBD through recombination before 2009, and subsequently, the lineage that led to SARS-CoV-2 accumulated further, unique changes specifically in the RBD.

Evidence is discussed from epidemiological studies on SARS-CoV-2 pandemic and molecular studies on the role of kidney in facilitating routes for SARS-CoV-2 entry leading to increased virulence of SARS-CoV-2 and clinical manifestation of symptoms in RCC.

We show a drug class-effect with MEKi to promote immune responses involving NK cells, inhibit inflammatory cytokines and block host-factors for SARS-CoV-2 infection leading also to suppression of SARS-CoV-2-S pseudovirus infection of human cells in a model system.

IMPORTANCE During the SARS epidemic in 2003/2004, a number of deletions were observed in ORF8 of SARS-CoV, and eventually deletion variants became predominant leading to the hypothesis that ORF8 was an evolutionary hot spot for adaptation of SARS-CoV to humans.

The majority of studies carried out in SARS-CoV-infected humans and animals attribute a dysregulated/exuberant innate response as a leading contributor to SARS-CoV-mediated pathology.

Recent identification of SARS-CoV NSP16 as a viral 2 \-O-methyltransferase (2 \-O-MTase) led to the possibility of utilizing this pathway to both attenuate SARS-CoV infection and develop novel therapeutic treatment options.

Strikingly, IFN-λ1 upregulated antiviral ISGs, but ACE2 mRNA was only marginally elevated and did not lead to detectably increased ACE2 protein at the cell surface.

Examination of the subcellular localization of ACE2 revealed that Ang-II treatment leads to ACE2 internalization and degradation into lysosomes.

ACE2 deficiency promotes the development of vascular diseases associated with Ang-II-mediated vascular inflammation and activation of the JNK signalling leading to the notion that ACE2 potentially confers protection against vascular diseases.

Both HNF1α and HNF1β induce expression of ACE2 mRNA and lead to elevated levels of ACE2 protein and ACE2 enzymatic activity in insulinoma cells.

Furthermore, ACE2 deficiency led to greater increases in Ang II-mediated profilin-1 expression, NADPH oxidase activity, and superoxide and peroxynitrite production in the aortas of ACE2KO mice associated with enhanced phosphorylated levels of Akt, p70S6 kinase, extracellular signal-regulated kinases (ERK1/2) and endothelial nitric oxide synthase (eNOS).

Among them, angiotensin converting enzyme-2 (ACE2) and the Mas receptor have forced a reevaluation of the original cascade and led to the emergence of a new arm of the RAS: the ACE2/ANG-(1-7)/Mas axis.

However, ACE2 generates angiotensin 1-7, which may protect the kidney by attenuating the effects of angiotensin II, since deletion of the Ace2 gene leads to glomerulosclerosis in mice, and pharmacologic inhibition of ACE2 exacerbates experimental diabetic nephropathy.

Impaired phosphorylation of ACE2 Ser680 by AMPK in pulmonary endothelium leads to a labile ACE2 and hence is associated with the pathogenesis of PH.

While restoration of ACE2 activity in the pancreas leads to improvement of glycemia in experimental models of Type 2 diabetes, global deficiency in ACE2 disrupts β-cell function and impairs glucose tolerance in mice, demonstrating the physiological role of ACE2 in glucose homeostasis.

SARS-CoV-2 induces the ACE2 internalization and shedding leading to the inactivation of the ACE2/Ang (1-7)/Mas axis.

In these studies, virus-induced ACE2 down-regulation would lead to a reduced formation of angiotensin1-7 (because ACE2 degrades angiotensin II into angiotensin1-7) with consequent accumulation of angiotensin II.

The S protein-ACE2 complex is internalized by endocytosis leading to a partial decrease or total loss of the enzymatic function ACE2 in the alveolar cells and in turn increasing the tissue concentration of pro-inflammatory angiotensin II by decreasing its degradation and reducing the concentration of its physiological antagonist angiotensin 1-7.

SARS-COV-2-induced ACE2 inhibition leads to the augmentation of bradykinin 1-receptor effects, as ACE2 inactivates des-Arg9-bradykinin, a bradykinin metabolite.

It is expected that these similarities (structural and affinity to the receptor of ACE2) can lead to the same pathophysiological activity of the virus by the use of ACE2 and FcγRII (the antibody-dependent enhancement mechanism).

The binding of ACE2 and SARS-CoV-2 leads to the exhaustion of ACE2 and down-regulation of ACE2.

At the tissuelevel, SARS-CoV-2 (a) binds to ACE2 leading to its internalization, and (b) favors ACE2 cleavage toform soluble ACE2: these actions result in decreased ACE2 tissue levels.

The ACE2 utilization by the virus leads to local pulmonary inflammation due to ACE2-ATII disbalance.

S binding to ACE2-R leads to a drop in ACE2, a homolog of angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE).

We demonstrated in\240\vitro that transfection with ACE2 chemically modified messenger RNA (cmRNA) leads to robust translation of fully matured, membrane-anchored ACE2 protein.

Finally, formulation of this ACE2\240\cmRNA in tailor-made lipidoid nanoparticles and in lipid nanoparticles led to liver- and lung-targeted translation of significant amounts of ACE2 protein, respectively.

Overexpression of monocytic ACE dramatically decreased levels of ACE2 and induced a pro-atherogenic phenotype, partly reversed by AngII-modifying treatments leading to an increase in ACE2.

The increase in ACE levels was greater than that of ACE2 leading to an elevated ACE/ACE2 ratio.

Apelin peptides interact with the renin-angiotensin system (RAS) by promoting angiotensin converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) transcription leading to increased ACE2 protein and activity while also antagonizing the effects of angiotensin II (Ang II).

In conclusion, ACE2 expression increased significantly in UCEC and KIRP, elevated ACE2 was positively correlated with immune infiltration and prognosis.

Furthermore, our work identifies ACE2 as an interferon-stimulated gene in lung cells, suggesting that SARS-CoV-2 infections could create positive feedback loops that increase ACE2 levels and facilitate viral dissemination.

On the other side, high expression of ACE2 was correlated with increased survival rate in renal and liver cancer, indicating that ACE2 is a prognostic marker in both renal cancer and liver cancers.

ACE2 activation by administration of diminazene aceturate (30 mg/kg per day) to Ldlr(-/-) mice increased kidney ACE2 mRNA abundance and activity and elevated plasma Ang-(1-7) concentrations.

Aortic vascular smooth muscle cells from ACE2KO mice showed markedly increased reactive oxygen species and apoptosis in response to Ang II along with increased cleaved caspase-3 and cleaved caspase-8 levels in the ACE2KO aorta.

The ACE2 deficiency was associated with an increase in blood pressure, and ACE2 knockout mice have highlighted hypertensive response to Ang II infusion associated with exaggerated accumulation of Ang II in the kidney.

Recently, several numbers of patients have been evaluated as the activators of ACE2-Ang-(1-7)-Mas receptor axis, which can be divided into two main classes: aimed to increase the activity of ACE2, and directed to stimulate the Ang-(1-7) receptor Mas.

Urinary ACE2 levels increase in diabetes, suggesting that ACE2 may be shed from tubular cells.

Results demonstrate increased renal ACE2 and ADAM17 expression and increased urinary ACE2 fragments (≈70 kDa) and albumin excretion in diabetic Akita mice.

We hypothesize that Ang II suppresses ACE2 by increasing TNF-α converting enzyme (TACE) activity and ACE2 cleavage.

Ang II infusion (1.5 mg/kg/day) in wild-type mice for 2 weeks resulted in substantial decrease in myocardial ACE2 protein levels and activity with corresponding increase in plasma ACE2 activity, prevented by AT1R blockade.

ACE2 deficiency triggered greater increases in the expression of connective tissue growth factor (CTGF), fractalkine (FKN) and phosphorylated ERK1/2 in AngII-treated ACE2KO hearts.

Moreover, ACE2 deficiency triggered cardiac hypertrophy increased myocardial fibrosis and adverse ultrastructure injury in ACE2KO hearts with higher levels of atrial natriuretic factor (ANF) and phosphorylated extracellular signal-regulated kinase 1/2 (ERK1/2), without affecting cardiac systolic function.

In addition, reduction of ACE2 expression and activity in the brain paralleled an increase in ACE2 activity in the cerebrospinal fluid of nontransgenic mice after deoxycorticosterone acetate-salt treatment and were accompanied by enhanced ADAM17 expression and activity in the hypothalamus.

The increase in urinary ACE2 activity in db/db mice reflected an increase in enzymatically active protein with two bands identified of molecular size at 110 and 75 kDa and was associated with an increase in kidney cortex ACE2 protein at 110 kDa but not at 75 kDa.

Administration of soluble recombinant ACE2 to db/m and db/db mice resulted in a marked increase in serum ACE2 activity, but no gain in ACE2 activity was detectable in the urine, further demonstrating that urinary ACE2 is of kidney origin.

We found that (1) lentivirus-ACE2 transduction resulted in a 4-fold increase of ACE2 expression in EPCs.

We hypothesized that ACE2 deficiency increases oxidative stress and endothelial dysfunction in cerebral arteries and examined the role of ACE2 in age-related cerebrovascular dysfunction.

When murine ACE2 was given to mice for 4 weeks, a marked increase in serum ACE2 activity was sustainable.

Loss of ACE2 resulted in greater increases in Ang II-induced mRNA expressions of inflammatory cytokines monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (MCP-1), interleukin (IL)-1 β, and IL-6 without affecting tumor necrosis factor-α in aortas of ACE2KO mice.

Although ACE2 expression increases in normal pregnancy, the impact of ACE2 deficiency in pregnancy has not been elucidated.

ACE2 gene therapy to the PVN reduced AngII-mediated increase in NADPH oxidase activity and normalized cardiac dysautonomia in ACE2(-/y) mice.

Transduction of THP-1 with Ad-ACE2 resulted in a viral increase in ACE2 activity.

Ace2(-/y) Ins2(WT/C96Y) mice exhibited a twofold increase in the urinary albumin excretion rate compared with Ace2(+/y) Ins2(WT/C96Y) mice despite similar blood glucose levels.

Ace2(-/y) Ins2(WT/C96Y) mice were the only group to exhibit increased mesangial matrix scores and glomerular basement membrane thicknesses compared with Ace2(+/y) Ins2(WT/WT) mice, accompanied by increased fibronectin and alpha-smooth muscle actin immunostaining in the glomeruli of Ace2(-/y) Ins2(WT/C96Y) mice.

The finding that chronic ACE2 inhibition increases UAE suggests that ACE2, likely by modulating the levels of glomerular angiotensin II via its degradation, may be a target for therapeutic interventions that aim to reduce albuminuria and glomerular injury.

On the C57BL/6 background, ACE2 deficiency was associated with a modest increase in blood pressure, whereas the absence of ACE2 had no effect on baseline blood pressures in 129/SvEv mice.

We tested the hypothesis that cardiac ACE2 activity contributes to features of ventricular remodeling associated with the renin-angiotensin system by generating transgenic mice with increased cardiac ACE2 expression.

Substrate concentration curves revealed that the higher ACE2 activity in the male was due to increased ACE2 enzyme velocity (Vmax) rather than increased substrate affinity (Km).

Here we examined whether soluble human recombinant ACE2 (rACE2) can efficiently lower Ang II and increase Ang-(1-7) and whether rACE2 can prevent hypertension caused by Ang II infusion as a result of systemic versus local mechanisms of ACE2 activity amplification.

In group B rabbits, local ACE2 overexpression resulted in stable plaque compositions, ie, fewer macrophages, less lipid deposition and more collagen contents, higher plaque stability scores, decreased angiotensin II levels, and increased angiotensin 1-7 levels in plaque tissues in the AdACE2 subgroup compared with those in the AdEGFP subgroup.

Previous studies showed that injection of the enzymatic ectodomain of recombinant ACE2 (rACE2) markedly increases circulatory levels of ACE2 activity, and effectively lowered blood pressure in angiotensin II-induced hypertension.

Reduced suprarenal aorta dilatation in mice receiving resveratrol was associated with elevated serum ACE2 and increased suprarenal aorta tissue levels of ACE2 and sirtuin 1 activity.

Mechanistic studies revealed that worsening kidney injury in ACE2 knockout mice was associated with an increase in Smurf2 (Smad-specific E3 ubiquitin protein ligase 2), a decrease in renal Smad7, and marked activation of TGF-β (transforming growth factor β)/Smad3 and NF-κB (nuclear factor κ-light-chain-enhancer of activated B cells) signaling, suggesting that Smurf2-dependent Smad7 ubiquitin degradation may be a key mechanism whereby loss of ACE2 promotes angiotensin II-induced TGF-β/Smad3 and NF-κB-mediated hypertensive nephropathy.

Superoxide anion production increased in ACE2KO mice, with increased mRNA levels of NADPH oxidase subunit, p22phox, p40phox, p67phox, and gp91phox in the hippocampus of ACE2KO mice compared with WT mice.

In mice with streptozotocin-induced diabetes pretreated with minicircle ACE2, ACE2 protein in plasma increased markedly and this was associated with a more than 100-fold increase in serum ACE2 activity.

CS exposure increased pulmonary ACE and ACE2 activities in WT mice, and significantly increased ACE in ACE2(-/-) mice.

Here we showed that deletion of ACE2 aggravates liver steatosis, which is correlated with the increased expression of hepatic lipogenic genes and the decreased expression of fatty acid oxidation-related genes in the liver of ACE2 knockout (ACE2(-/y)) mice.

ACE2 KI mice explored the open arms of the elevated plus maze (EPM) significantly more than WT suggesting increasing ACE2 activity is anxiolytic.

ACE2 KI mice explored the open arms of the elevated plus maze (EPM) significantly more than WT, suggesting increasing ACE2 activity is anxiolytic.

Within a wide range of ACE2 expression levels, including the level observed in mouse pancreatic islets, overexpression of ADAM17 increases shed ACE2 and decreases cellular ACE2 levels.

Endogenous ACE2-Ang (1-7) activation or ACE2 overexpression preserves endothelial function in diabetic mice through increasing nitric oxide bioavailability and inhibiting oxidative stress, suggesting the therapeutic potential of ACE2-Ang(1-7) axis activation against diabetic vasculopathy.

In ACE2-/-/PRCP-/- mice, Ang II infusion resulted in a similar increase in Ang-(1-7) as in WT (563 ±48 versus 537 ±70 fmol/mL, respectively), showing that the bulk of Ang-(1-7) formation in circulation is essentially independent of ACE2 and PRCP.

Muscle fibre size was smaller in ACE2KO mice than that in wild-type and MasKO mice, and increased with A1-7 in ACE2KO and WT mice, but not in MasKO mice.

ACE2KO mice, but not MasKO mice, exhibited thinning of peripheral fat along with increased adipose expression of p16INK4a A1-7 significantly increased bone volume in wild-type and ACE2KO mice, but not in MasKO mice.

Hyperoxia treatment significantly decreased lung ACE2 expression/activity and increased the Ang II/Ang-(1-7) ratio, while co-treatment with hyperoxia and DIZE significantly increased lung ACE2 expression/activity and decreased the Ang II/Ang-(1-7) ratio.

Mice treated with the recombinant LP expressing the secreted ACE2 in fusion with the non-toxic subunit B of cholera toxin, which acts as a carrier to facilitate transmucosal transport, showed increased ACE2 activities in serum and tissues.

We further determined whether ACE2 expression in the cilia of upper respiratory cells was influenced by patient demographics, clinical characteristics, co-morbidities, or medication use, and found no evidence that the use of angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors (ACEI) or angiotensin II receptor blockers (ARBs) increases ACE2 protein expression.

However, given that\240\the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) uses ACE2 for viral entry, this 5-fold increase in ACE2 protein may confer increased risk for COVID-19 manifestations and outcomes in patients with increased ACE2 transcript expression and protein levels in the heart.

It can induce ACE2/Ang-(1-7)/MasR axis activity and inhibits renin and the ACE/Ang II/AT1R axis, thereby increasing expression and concentration of ACE2, MasR and Ang-(1-7) and having a potential protective role against acute lung injury (ALI)/acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS).

The increased expression of ACE2 for effect of ACE-inhibitors and ARBs can be detected by increased production of angiotensin1-7 and mRNA related to ACE2.

Preclinical data suggest ACE2 might be downregulated after SARS-CoV-2 binding, and treatments that increase ACE2 may prevent cardiopulmonary injury.

Cardiopulmonary diseases are associated with decreased ACE2 activity and the mitigation by increasing ACE2 activity along with its therapeutic relevance are addressed.

With the addition of the natural ACE2 collectrin domain and fusion to a human Fc domain for increased stabilization and avidity, the most optimal ACE2 receptor traps neutralized SARS-CoV-2 pseudotyped lentivirus and authentic SARS-CoV-2 virus with half-maximal inhibitory concentrations (IC50) in the tens of ng/ml range.

Together\240\circulating ACE2 levels, but not Ang-(1-7) and Ang-(1-9) levels, significantly increased in female CHD group when compared with non-CHD group, increased ACE2 was independently associated with CHD in female and in patients with multi-vessel lesions even after adjusting for the confounding factors, indicating that ACE2 may participate as a compensatory mechanism in CHD.

Together\240\circulating ACE2 levels, but not Ang-(1-7) and Ang-(1-9) levels, significantly increased in female CHD group when compared with non-CHD group increased ACE2 was independently associated with CHD in female and in patients with multi-vessel lesions even after adjusting for the confounding factors, indicating that ACE2 may participate as a compensatory mechanism in CHD.

Gene expression and serum ACE2 activity analyses implied that increased activation of the ACE2/Ang-(1-7)/MasR axis plays a role in reducing fat mass.

Investigation of the chronic dietary regulation of B0AT1, ACE2 and CD13 by different diets revealed an increased B0AT1 protein expression under amino acid-supplemented diet in the proximal section but not in the distal one and for ACE2 protein expression a reverse localization of the effect.

Four weeks after ACE2 gene transfer, the Ad-ACE2 group showed not only reduced apoptosis, inflammatory response, oxidative stress, left ventricular (LV) volume, extent of myocardial fibrosis and mortality of rats, but also increased LV ejection fraction and ACE2 expression level compared with the Mock and Ad-EGFP groups.

Overexpression of monocytic ACE dramatically decreased levels of ACE2 and induced a pro-atherogenic phenotype, partly reversed by AngII-modifying treatments, leading to an increase in ACE2.

Serum ACE2 activity correlates with cardiovascular disease development: it increases when hypertension develops and further increases when the cardiovascular disease further progresses to systolic dysfunction, suggesting that ACE2 metabolism plays a role in these processes.

Although loss of ACE2 enhances susceptibility to HF increasing ACE2 level prevents and reverses the HF phenotype.

Calcitriol reduced ACE levels and ACE/ACE2 ratio and increased ACE2 levels in diabetic rats.

Decreased ACE2 activity is associated with increased blood pressure, diabetes, and oxidative stress, whereas, increased levels of ACE2 appear to be renoprotective.

Decreased ACE2 activity is associated with increased blood pressure, diabetes, and oxidative stress, whereas increased levels of ACE2 appear to be renoprotective.

(2) EPC-EXsACE2 remarkably increased the ACE2 level and decreased Ang II/Ang (1-7) in VSMCs activated by Ang II, whereas EPC-EXsACE2 pretreated by proteinase A blocked this effect.

Nevertheless, all the IFNs limited SARS-CoV-2 replication, suggesting that their antiviral actions can counterbalance increased ACE2.

high inflammatory cytokine levels increase ACE2 expression and act as high-risk factors for developing COVID-19, and the infection of other viruses may increase the risk of SARS-CoV-2 infection.

As the angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) facilitates the entry of coronaviruses into target cells, there have been hypotheses that preexisting use of renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system (RAAS) inhibitors may increase the risk of developing severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) infection.

Cardiovascular disease and pharmacologic RAS inhibition both increase ACE2 levels, which may increase the virulence of SARS-CoV-2 within the lung and heart.

Concerns have been raised about the potential for renin-angiotensin system (RAS) inhibitors to upregulate expression of angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) and thus increase susceptibility to severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) entry.

Currently, there is no evidence that even if RAS inhibitors increase expression and activity of ACE2, that they would increase the risk of SARS-CoV-2 infection by facilitating greater viral entry or worsen outcomes in patients with COVID-19.

SARS-CoV-2 infection increased ACE2, TGFB1, CTGF and FN1 mRNA that were drivers of lung fibrosis.

Surprisingly, SARS-CoV-2 trimeric spike protein increased ACE2 proteolytic activity ~3-10 fold when fluorogenic caspase-1 substrate and Bradykinin-analog peptides were used to characterize ACE2 activity.

We hypothesize here that increased ACE2 expression in adipose tissue displayed by people with obesity may increase SARS-CoV-2 infection and accessibility to this tissue.

In the failing heart, the upregulation of ACE2 and virus infection associated genes, as well as the increased expression of ANP and BNP could facilitate SARS-CoV-2 virus entry and replication in these vulnerable cardiomyocyte subsets.

Two noncoding variants (rs4646118 and rs143185769) found in ~9% of African descent individuals for ACE2 may regulate expression and be related to increased susceptibility of African Americans to SARS-CoV-2.

These structural features of SARS-CoV-2 RBD increase its ACE2-binding affinity.

Higher ACE2 concentrations might lead to increased vulnerability to SARS-CoV-2 in patients on RAAS inhibitors.

However, recent data from observational and meta-analysis studies in SARS-CoV-2-infected patients have concluded that RAAS modulators do not increase plasma ACE2 levels orsusceptibility to infection and are not associated with more severe diseases.

Angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) has transient overexpression and increased activity during pregnancy, which is now confirmed as the receptor of SARS-CoV-2 and plays essential roles in human infection and transmission.

Even though there is some evidence of increased rates of PTB associated with SARS-CoV-2 infection, we found no increase in mRNA expression of ACE2 or TMPRSS2 at the maternal-fetal interface.

Moreover, to date there is no evidence that ACEi or ARB administration facilitates SARS-COV2 cell entry by increasing ACE2 tissue expression in either animal or human studies.

Interestingly, a mutation in the catalytic domain of ACE2, MDR504, completely abrogated catalytic activity, but significantly increased binding to SARS-CoV2 spike protein in vitro.

We have analyzed 453 SARS-CoV-2 genomes collected between 20 February and 15 March 2020 from infected patients in Washington State, USA.

Since the United States (US) has the highest number of viral infected patients globally, it is essential to understand the US SARS-CoV-2.

Using high-throughput mRNA profiling, we examined the transcriptional response of wild-type (WT), type I interferon receptor knockout (IFNAR1-/-), and STAT1 knockout (STAT1-/-) mice infected with a recombinant mouse-adapted SARS-CoV (rMA15) to better understand the contribution of specific gene expression changes to disease progression.

SARS-CoV-2, the virus responsible for COVID-19 binds to the ACE2 receptors.

SARS-CoV-2 spike (S) protein binds angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2), and in concert with host proteases, principally transmembrane serine protease 2 (TMPRSS2), promotes cellular entry.

SARS-CoV-2 has a higher binding affinity to human ACE2 than to that of other species.

One mechanism for SARS-CoV-2 entry occurs when the spike protein on the surface of SARS-CoV-2 binds to an ACE2 receptor followed by cleavage at two cut sites (\ priming\) that causes a conformational change allowing for viral and host membrane fusion.

Our findings uncovered a novel function of SARS-CoV-2 on platelet activation via binding of Spike to ACE2.

Mice are refractory to SARS-CoV-2 infection due to low affinity binding to the murine angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) protein.

Immunization of mice with VSV-eGFP-SARS-CoV-2 elicits high antibody titers that neutralize SARS-CoV-2 and target the receptor binding domain that engages human angiotensin-converting enzyme-2 (ACE2).

Although angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) is crucial for SARS-CoV-2 to bind and enter host cells, no study has systematically assessed the ACE2 expression in the lungs of patients with these diseases.

SARS-CoV-2 infection of host cells occurs predominantly via binding of the viral surface spike protein to the human angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) receptor.

Here, we investigate angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2), the host protein bound by SARS-CoV and SARS-CoV-2.

We analyzed human post-mortem eyes as well as surgical specimens for the expression of ACE2 (the receptor for SARS-CoV-2) and TMPRSS2, a cell surface-associated protease that facilitates viral entry following binding of the viral spike protein to ACE2.

The mechanism for SARS-CoV-2 infection is the binding of the virus spike protein to the membrane-bound form of angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) and internalization of the complex by the host cell.

The initial mechanism for severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus-2 (SARS-CoV-2) infection is the binding of the virus to the membrane-bound form of ACE2, which is mainly expressed in the lung.

SARS-CoV-2 (severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2) binds to the angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2), a ubiquitous trans-membrane carboxypeptidase, to enter the cells.

The SARS-CoV-2 virus binds to the angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) receptor for cell entry.

Because SARS-CoV-2 enters the cell by binding to angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2), targeting ACE2 to prevent such binding seems an obvious strategy to combat infection.

In addition, SARS-CoV-2 is structurally similar to SARS-CoV, and both bind to the angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) receptor to enter human cells.

The entry of SARS-CoV-2 into its target cells depends on binding between the receptor-binding domain (RBD) of the viral spike protein and its cellular receptor, angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) 2, 4-6.

On the contrary, new SARS-CoV-2 can suppress the production of surfactant that binds to the ACE2 of AE2 cells.

These are based on the fact that ACE2 facilitates SARS-CoV-2 cell invasion via binding of a viral spike protein to ACE2.

Here, we investigated the structural properties of several ACE2 orthologs bound to the SARS-CoV-2 spike protein.

When SARS-CoV-2 binds to ACE2, it suppresses it, so this protective action of ACE2 is lost.

SARS-CoV-2 gains entry to human cells through its spike (S) protein binding to angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2).

As it is evident from the recent studies that SARS-CoV-2 requires host enzyme Furin to activate receptor binding domain of its S protein and host Angiotensin Convertase Enzyme 2 (ACE2) is required as binding receptor, facilitating the entry of virus into the host cell.

The transmembrane spike (S) glycoprotein of SARS-CoV-2 directly binds to the host angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) and mediates viral entrance, which is therefore considered as a promising drug target.

We constructed complex models of SARS-CoV-2 spike protein binding to pangolin or human ACE2, the receptor for virus transmission, and estimated the binding free energy changes using molecular dynamics simulation.

SARS-CoV-2 can bind to both pangolin and human ACE2, but has a significantly lower binding affinity for pangolin ACE2 due to the increased binding free energy (9.5 kcal mol-1).

SARS-CoV-2 binds its host cell receptor, angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2), through the viral spike (S) protein.

Severe acute respiratory-syndrome coronavirus-2 (SARS-CoV-2) host cell infection is mediated by binding to angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2).

Previous studies showed that SARS-CoV-2 is highly homologous to SARS-CoV and infects humans through the binding of the spike protein to ACE2.

SARS-CoV-2 was reported to enter cells via binding to ACE2, followed by its priming by TMPRSS2.

The mechanism for SARS-CoV-2 infection is the requisite binding of the virus to the membrane-bound form of angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) and internalization of the complex by the host cell.

Both SARS-CoV and SARS-CoV-2 exhibit a high degree of genetic similarity and bind to the same host cell ACE2 receptor.

Bioinformatics showed sequence mutation of SARS-CoV-2 with m6A methylation and changed binding capacity with ACE2.

The first step in SARS-CoV-2 infection is binding of the virus to ACE2 (angiotensin-converting enzyme 2) on the airway epithelium.

Severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) infects host cells following binding with the cell surface ACE2 receptors, thereby leading to coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19).

Such machinery encompasses SARS-CoV-2 envelope spike (S) glycoprotein required for host cell entry by binding to the ACE2 receptor, viral RNA-dependent RNA polymerase (RdRp) and 3-chymotrypsin-like main protease (3 Clpro/Mpro).

In contrast, RmYN02 showed low sequence identity (61.3 %) to SARS-CoV-2 in the receptor-binding domain (RBD) and might not bind to angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2).

Recently it was shown that the SARS-CoV-2 spike protein binds to the human angiotensin I converting enzyme 2 (ACE2).

Severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) infects human cells binding to angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2), an enzyme responsible for the cleavage of angiotensin II into angiotensin 1-7, which has vasodilating and anti-inflammatory effects.

We also highlighted the relevance of Q493 and P499 amino acid residues of SARS-CoV-2 RBD for binding to human ACE2 and maintaining the stability of the interface.

The 18 F3-recognizing epitopes on RBD did not overlap with the ACE2-binding sites, whereas those recognized by 7 B11 were close to the ACE2-binding sites, explaining why 7 B11 could, but 18 F3 could not, block SARS-CoV or SARS-CoV-2 RBD binding to ACE2 receptor.

The SARS-CoV-2 infection relies on trimeric spike (S) proteins to facilitate virus entry into host cells by binding to ACE2 receptor on host cell membranes.

Our data indicated that the spike glycoprotein of SARS-CoV-2 is phylogenetically close to bat coronavirus and strongly binds with ACE2 receptor protein from both human and bat origin.

The SARS-CoV-2 virus binds to angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) present on brain endothelial and smooth muscle cells.

To fulfill its function, SARS-CoV-2 spike binds to its receptor human ACE2 (hACE2) through its receptor-binding domain (RBD) and is proteolytically activated by human proteases.

SARS-CoV, SARS-CoV-2, and HCoV-NL63 recognize ACE2 as the natural receptor but present a distinct binding interface to ACE2 and a different network of residue-residue contacts.

Mechanistically, SARS-CoV-2, following proteolytic cleavage of its S protein by a serine protease binds to the transmembrane angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2)-a homologue of ACE-to enter type 2 pneumocytes, macrophages, perivascular pericytes, and cardiomyocytes.

SARS-CoV-2 (the virus causing COVID-19) is known to use its surface spike (S) protein\s receptor binding domain (RBD) to interact with the angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) receptor expressed on many human cell types.

The spike (S) protein of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) binds angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) on host cells to initiate entry, and soluble ACE2 is a therapeutic candidate that neutralizes infection by acting as a decoy.

The current COVID-19 pandemic is caused by the SARS-CoV-2 betacoronavirus, which utilizes its highly glycosylated trimeric Spike protein to bind to the cell surface receptor ACE2 glycoprotein and facilitate host cell entry.

SARS-CoV-2, as other coronaviruses binds its target cells through the angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) receptor.

The receptor-binding domain (RBD) of the SARS-CoV-2 spike (S) protein binds to the cell surface angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) receptor, allowing virus entry and replication in host cells.

This systemic involvement is postulated to be mainly related to the SARS-CoV-2 virus binding on angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) receptors located on several different human cells.

SARS-CoV-2 infects human cells via the binding of its S protein to the receptor angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE2).

To this end, the cell entry of SARS-CoV-2, initiated by the binding of the viral Spike (S) protein to human ACE2, has emerged as an attractive drug repurposing target.

The internalization of SARS-CoV-2 is mediated by the binding of the spike glycoprotein of the virus to the angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) on cellular membranes.

Molecular docking studies showed that hydroxychloroquine and chloroquine do not interact with SARS-CoV-2 proteins, but bind to the amino acids ASP350, ASP382, ALA348, PHE40 and PHE390 on the ACE2 allosteric site rather than the ACE2 active site.

The SARS-CoV-2 spike (S) protein mediates virion binding to the human cells through its interaction with the ACE2 cell surface receptor and is one of the prime immunization targets.

Here, we develop a computational strategy to adaptively evolve peptides that could selectively inhibit mutating S protein receptor binding domains (RBDs) of different SARS-CoV-2 viral strains from binding to their human host receptor, angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2).

As suggested by the recent reports regarding the pathogenesis of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2), upon entry into the host, this virus binds to the extracellular domain of ACE2 in nasal, lung, and gut epithelial cells through its spike glycoprotein subunit S1.

The mechanism for severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) infection requires the binding of the virus to the angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) receptor, well-known for its role in counteracting ACE.

The SARS-CoV-2 virus causing COVID-19 binds human angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) receptors in human tissues.

Therefore, SARS-CoV-2 binds with ACE2 and activates fibrosis-related genes and processes to induce lung fibrosis.

The SARS-CoV-2 receptor binding domain (RBD) of the spike protein binds to the human angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) receptor as a prelude to viral entry into the cell.

Cellular receptor ACE2, serine protease TMPRSS2 and exopeptidase CD26 (also known as DPP4) are the three membrane bound proteins potentially implicated in SARS-CoV-2 infection.

Among the remaining species, ACE2s from rabbit and pangolin strongly bound to the S1 subunit of SARS-CoV-2 S protein and efficiently supported the pseudotyped virus infection.

The SARS-CoV-2 spike glycoprotein, which binds to ACE2, is a potential target for developing specific drugs, antibodies, and vaccines.

These observations suggest that cleavage at the furin-cleavage site decreases the overall stability of SARS-CoV-2 S and facilitates the adoption of the open conformation that is required for S to bind to the ACE2 receptor.

SARS-CoV-2, the pathogen of COVID-19, enters into cells through binding to the Angiotensin Converting Enzyme (ACE) homolog-2 (ACE2).

Severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) directly binds to ACE2 (angiotensin-converting enzyme 2) to facilitate cellular entry.

Here we characterize the ability of S-protein receptor-binding domains (RBDs) of SARS-CoV-1, SARS-CoV-2, and RaTG13 to bind a range of ACE2 orthologs.

The lungs are often damaged due to the presence of Sars-CoV-2 binding receptor ACE2 on epithelial alveolar cells.

At the tissuelevel, SARS-CoV-2 (a) binds to ACE2, leading to its internalization, and (b) favors ACE2 cleavage toform soluble ACE2: these actions result in decreased ACE2 tissue levels.

Like the SARS-CoV, SARS-CoV-2 also employs a receptor-binding motif (RBM) of its envelope spike protein for binding the host angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) to gain viral entry.

The D614G mutation significantly enhances SARS-CoV-2 replication on human lung epithelial cells and primary human airway tissues, through an improved infectivity of virions with the spike receptor-binding domain in an " up" conformation for binding to ACE2 receptor.

During infection, SARS-CoV-2 via its binding target ACE2 and TMPRSS2 can disrupt mitochondrial function.

Here, we present a safe and efficient protein-based assay for the detection of serum and plasma antibodies that block the interaction of the SARS-CoV-2 spike protein receptor binding domain (RBD) with its receptor, angiotensin converting-enzyme 2 (ACE2).

SARS-CoV-2 like SARS-CoV binds with angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) present on human cells.

SARS-CoV-2 infects human cells by binding to the cellular surface protein angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2).

With unprecedented speed, scientific research has solved the structure of SARS-CoV-2 and imaged its binding with the ACE2 receptor.

In SARS-CoV-2 infection, the viral spike (S) protein receptor binding domain (RBD) binds to ACE2 to enter the host cell.

SARS-CoV-2 binds to ACE2 for cell entry, downregulating it: an impaired DABK inactivation could lead to an enhanced activity of B1-receptors, and the accumulation of Ang II, through a negative feedback loop, may result in decreased ACE activity, with consequent increase of BK.

Our results indicate that SARS-CoV-2 and SARS-CoV utilizes unique strategies to achieve stable binding to ACE2.

The first step of SARS-CoV-2 infection is binding of the spike protein\s receptor binding domain to the host cell\s ACE2 receptor on the plasma membrane.

SARS-CoV-2 invades the pulmonary alveolar epithelial cells by binding to the surface receptor, angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2).

SARS-CoV-2-specific antibodies, particularly those preventing viral spike receptor binding domain (RBD) interaction with host angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) receptor, could offer protective immunity, and may affect clinical outcomes of COVID-19 patients.

Both SARS-CoV and SARS-CoV-2 has a high degree of genetic similarity and bind to the same host cell ACE2 receptor.

SARS-CoV-2 binding to angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) receptor is a critical step mediate virus entry into target cells.

ACE2 plays a critical role in SARS-CoV-2 infection to cause COVID-19 and SARS-CoV-2 spike protein binds to ACE2 and probably functionally inhibits ACE2 to aggravate the underlying diseases of COVID-19.

As the SARS-CoV-2 binds to ACE2, it will hamper the activity of ACE2 in providing neuroprotection, especially in the case of stroke patients.

Recent studies have shown that, similarly to SARS-CoV, SARS-CoV-2 utilises the Spike glycoprotein on the envelope to recognise and bind the human receptor ACE2.

The receptor-binding domain (RBD) of the SARS-CoV-2 spike protein plays a crucial role in binding the human cell receptor ACE2 that is required for viral entry.

We used two approaches to design proteins with shape and chemical complementarity to the receptor binding domain (RBD) of SARS-CoV-2 Spike protein near the binding site for the human ACE2 receptor.

Experimental studies have revealed that spike proteins of both SARS-CoV-2 and SARS-CoV bind to angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) before entering the cell for replication.

Cellular entry of SARS-CoV-2 is thought to occur through the binding of viral spike S1 protein to ACE2.

Infection by SARS-CoV-2 occurs via the binding of its S protein to the angiotensin-converting enzyme-2 receptor (ACE2-R).

Here, we propose a neurobiological mechanism directly involving SARS-CoV-2 binding to ACE2-R in the etiology of putative Neuro-CoViD-19.

SARS-CoV-2 enters cells by binding of its spike protein to angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2).

However, the cryo-EM structure study targeting SARS-Cov S protein with human ACE2 complex has shown that there exist different binding conformations during the binding process facing ACE2 protein.

SARS-CoV2 binding to ACE2 can lead to excessive angiotensin II signaling, which activates the STING pathway in mice.

The spike (S) protein of SARS coronavirus (SARS-CoV) is responsible for viral binding with ACE2 molecules.

We found that, compared to human ACE2, murine ACE2 less efficiently bound the S1 domain of SARS-CoV and supported less-efficient S protein-mediated infection.

SARS-CoV replication rate and disease severity is controlled by the binding affinity of RBD with ACE2.

SARS-CoV2-ACE2 binding-directed approaches mainly consist of targeting receptor binding domain, ACE2 blockers, soluble ACE2, and host protease inhibitors.

for example, many known sarbecoviruses related to SARS-CoV-1 have two deletions in the receptor binding domain of the spike protein that render them incapable of using human ACE2.

The SARS-CoV2 enters human cells through the spike protein binding to angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2), which is important to cardiovascular modulation and endothelial signaling.

An essential mechanism for SARS-CoV-1 and-2 infection begins with the viral spike protein binding to the human receptor protein angiotensin-converting enzyme II (ACE2).

It was found that the S-protein from the SARS coronavirus (SARS-CoV) bind stronger to ACE2 than 2019-nCoV.

The severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus (SARS-CoV) from palm civets has twice evolved the capacity to infect humans by gained binding affinity for human receptor angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2).

The severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus (SARS-CoV) from palm civets has twice evolved the capacity to infect humans by gaining binding affinity for human receptor angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2).

Alanine substitutions for one or two of the six aromatic residues in the JMD did not alter the surface expression of the SARS-CoV S proteins with a deletion of the C-terminal 19 amino acids (S Delta19) or reduce binding to soluble human ACE2 (hACE2).

The severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus (SARS-CoV, or SCV), which caused a world-wide epidemic in 2002 and 2003  binds to a receptor, angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2), through the receptor-binding domain (RBD) of its envelope (spike, S) glycoprotein.

Severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus (SARS-CoV) contains a single spike (S) protein, which binds to its receptor, angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2), induces membrane fusion and serves as a neutralizing antigen.

The trimeric SARS coronavirus (SARS-CoV) surface spike (S) glycoprotein consisting of three S1-S2 heterodimers binds the cellular receptor angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) and mediates fusion of the viral and cellular membranes through a pre- to postfusion conformation transition.

- year-old Italian patient treated with high dose intravenous dexamethasone and two intravenous doses of Tocilizumab for interstitial bilateral pneumonia associated with SARS-CoV-2 infection who developed itching, abdominal pain, and an increased eosinophil count.

We report a case of a 59-year-old Italian patient treated with high dose intravenous dexamethasone and two intravenous doses of Tocilizumab for interstitial bilateral pneumonia associated with SARS-CoV-2 infection who developed itching, abdominal pain, and an increased eosinophil count.

Our results suggest that California Department of Public Health stay-at-home order, issued on March 19, 2020, lowered the SARS-CoV-2 effective reproductive number $R_{e}$ in Orange County below 1.0, which means that the order was successful in suppressing SARS-CoV-2 infections.

The source of her tuberculous infection was not identified, and further investigations by the local health department were not possible because of the State of Michigan-mandated lockdown for control of SARS-CoV-2 spread.

Our data suggest that the failure of STAT1-deficient mice to control initial SARS-CoV replication efficiently in the lung is due to impaired type I and type III IFN signalling, whereas the failure to control subsequent systemic viral spread is due to unrelated defects in STAT1-deficient mice.

The global pandemic of Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19), caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2)  has led to the death of more than 675, 0 worldwide and over 150, 0 in the United States alone.

The global pandemic of Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19), caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2), has led to the death of more than 675, 0 worldwide and over 150, 0 in the United States alone.

The overwhelming inflammatory response in patients with SARS-CoV2 infection leads to a hypercoagulable state, microthrombosis, large vessel thrombosis, and ultimately death.

The results showed that GC376 binds to SARS-CoV-2 Mpro tightly (KD = 1.6 μM) and efficiently inhibit its proteolytic activity (IC50 = 0.89 μM).

Combined with Simoa anti-SARS-CoV-2 serological assays, we quantified changes in 31 SARS-CoV-2 biomarkers in 272 longitudinal plasma samples obtained for 39 COVID-19 patients.

Regarding maturation marker expression, LT increased MHCII and CD86 while suppressing CD40 and CD80.

B16-OVA tumor-derived TECs induced immunosuppressive CD4+ T cells that suppressed OVA-specific CD8+ T-cell proliferation via inhibitory cytokines, including IL10 and TGFβ.

Self-tolerance to the TSHR is maintained in normals because there is a population of CD8- cells which normally suppresses a population of CD4+ cells that can interact with the TSHR if thyrocytes become APCs.

In addition, STAT, forkhead box transcription factor (FoxP3), and pZAP70 expression in CD4+ T cells was suppressed in DM, whereas STAT and pZAP70 expression in CD8+ T cells was induced in PM.

CD8(+) T lymphocytes from immunized animals were able to potently suppress SIV replication in autologous SIV-infected CD4(+) T cells.

Primary CD8+ T cells from HIV+ asymptomatics can suppress virus production from CD4(+) T cells acutely infected with either non-syncytia-inducing (NSI) or syncytia-inducing (SI) HIV-1 isolates.

Previous studies in murine systems have demonstrated that CD8(+) Treg cells down-regulate immune responses in vivo through suppressing activated CD4(+) T cells.

By contrast, surrogate peptides derived from a yeast peptide major histocompatibility complex library of some of the clonally expanded CD8+ T cells inhibit disease by suppressing the proliferation of MOG-specific CD4+ T cells.

To explore the role of Nef in CD8(+) T cell evasion, we compared the ability of freshly sorted SIV-specific CD8(+) T cells to readily suppress viral replication or eliminate CD4(+) T cells or monocyte-derived macrophages infected with SIV variants containing wild-type (WT) or mutated nef genes.

These CD8+ Tregs suppress proliferation of pathogenic CD4+ CD25- T cells when stimulated by their cognate antigens.

CD8+ T lymphocytes of asymptomatic human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) carriers (ACs) are capable of suppressing HIV-1 replication in CD4+ peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC) by a variety of known and unknown mechanisms.

Replication of the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) in CD4+ cells is suppressed in the presence of CD8+ cells from asymptomatic HIV-infected individuals.

We tested the ability of a series of rhesus macaque CD8(+) T-cell clones specific for the SIV Gag CM9 peptide to suppress SIV infection of autologous CD4(+) T cells.

Our results indicate that CD8+ cells acquired the ability to efficiently suppress SIV replication by controlled SHIV infection, suggesting the contribution of CD8+ cell responses induced by controlled live virus infection to containment of HIV/SIV superinfection.

Even though CD8 cells could efficiently suppress HIV replication through both major histocompatibility complex (MHC)-restricted cytotoxic killing of infected cells, particularly during primary infection, and HIV-suppressing soluble factors, there is evidence that tissue-infiltrating CD8 lymphocytes mediate injury in several organs of HIV-infected subjects.

Strikingly, CD8+ T cells restricted by HLA-B,35Px expressed fewer TIM-3 and therefore did not get suppressed by Tregs, which was similar to CD8+ T cells restricted by HLA-B,27/B57.

moreover, the HDAC11/IFN-γ/TNF-α complex can also inhibit the secretion of IFN-γ and TNF-α in CD160- CD8+ T cells and suppresses the function of CD8+ T cells.

Compared with WT counterparts, IFN-γR-deficient PLP-CD8 were defective in suppressing disease in IFN-γ-deficient recipients, a scenario in which the only IFN-γ available to WT PLP-CD8 is that which they produce themselves.

As autoreactive CD8+ T cells mediate disruption of insulin-producing β-cells1-3, we demonstrate that TR3-56 cells can suppress CD8+ T cell functions in vitro by reducing levels of intracellular reactive oxygen species.

Analysis of in vitro CD8+ cell ability to suppress replication of autologous lymphocytes-derived SIVs found augmentation of anti-SIV efficacy of CD8+ cells after vaccination.

CD8(+) T lymphocytes can suppress human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) replication by secreting a soluble factor(s) known as CD8(+) T-lymphocyte antiviral factor (CAF).

These results showed that KD inhibited the elevated expressions of CD86 and major histocompatibility complex II, densities of chemokine receptor C-C chemokine receptor type 7, and extensive migration to lymph nodes, and increased the programmed death ligand 1 level of DCs, followed by suppressing CD8+ T cells, characterized as low differentiation and cytotoxicity, and eliciting cytokines balance.

We previously have reported that ICP22, an immediate early gene of herpes simplex virus type 1 (HSV-1), binds to the CD80 promoter to suppress CD80 expression in antigen-presenting cells, leading to reduced T-cell function and protection.

This " photochemical internalisation" resulted in activation, proliferation, and IFN-γ production of cytotoxic CD8 T cells, which suppressed tumour growth by infiltrating CD8 T cells and caspase-3-dependent apoptosis.

We further show that these CD8+ T cells are involved in suppressing melanoma outgrowth in mice and report similar CD8+ T cell infiltration following LTX-315 treatment in melanoma and sarcoma patients.

Moreover, blocking PD-L2 selectively activated CD8 T cells at secondary sites and suppressed metastasis, suggesting that the DCs use this particular pathway to inhibit CD8 T-cell-mediated tumor immunity.

By interacting with PD-1/PD-L1, Reg3g also promoted differentiation of Tregs and recruitment of MDSC, retarded maturation of DCs and inactivation of CD8+ T cells, and suppressed cross-priming of CD8+ T-cell responses by DCs in tumor-bearing mice.

To better our understanding of CD8(+) T-cell control of SIV replication in CD4(+) T cells, we asked whether TCRs isolated from rhesus macaque CD8(+) T-cell clones that exhibited varying abilities to suppress SIV replication could convey their suppressive properties to CD8(+) T cells obtained from an uninfected/unvaccinated animal.

We transferred SIV-specific TCR genes isolated from rhesus macaque CD8(+) T-cell clones with varying abilities to suppress SIV replication in vitro into CD8(+) T cells obtained from an uninfected animal by retroviral transduction.

HLA-C reduction is mediated by viral Vpu and reduces the ability of HLA-C restricted CTLs to suppress viral replication in CD4+ cells in vitro.

USP18 expression in B16 melanoma tumor cells regulated IFN-γ-mediated immunoediting, including upregulating MHC class-I expression, reducing tumor cell-mediated inhibition of T cell proliferation and activation, and suppressing PD-1 expression in CD4+ and CD8+ T cells in tumor-bearing mice.

The HIV accessory protein Nef functions by interfering with HIV antigen presentation through the major histocompatibility complex I (MHC-I) pathway thereby suppressing CD8+ cytotoxic T cell (CTL)-mediated killing of HIV infected cells.

In immunocompetent mice, liposomal l-OHP increased the tumor MHC-1 level and preserved antitumor immunity through decreasing the number of immune suppressor cells, including regulatory T cells, myeloid-derived suppressor cells, and tumor-associated macrophages, which collectively suppress CD8+ T cell-mediated tumor cells killing.

CD8+ PBMC of ACs suppressed HIV-1 replication more efficiently in MHC I-matched CD4+ PBMC than in mismatched cells.

We conclude that USF1 functionally and differentially regulates AGT expression via the-20 polymorphism and that the differential expression exhibited by-20 can be accounted for by differential association with USF1.

Our findings identify USF1 as a novel factor regulating HDL functionality, showing that USF1 inactivation boosts cholesterol efflux, reduces macrophage inflammation and attenuates macrophage cholesterol accumulation, linking improved macrophage cholesterol metabolism and inflammatory pathways to the antiatherogenic function of USF1 deficiency.

Moreover, in transfection studies, USF1 stimulates APOA5 promoter activity, and the treatment with insulin reduced the binding of USF1/USF2 to the APOA5 promoter.

The transcription factor TFII-I has been shown to bind independently to two distinct promoter elements, a pyrimidine-rich initiator (Inr) and a recognition site (E-box) for upstream stimulatory factor 1 (USF1), and to stimulate USF1 binding to both of these sites.

Treatment of USF1 knockdown males with intravenous adenoviral short hairpin RNA targeting USF2 resulted in reduced expression of USF1, USF2, and hAGT protein.

Our findings identify USF1 as a novel factor regulating HDL functionality, showing that USF1 inactivation boosts cholesterol efflux reduces macrophage inflammation and attenuates macrophage cholesterol accumulation, linking improved macrophage cholesterol metabolism and inflammatory pathways to the antiatherogenic function of USF1 deficiency.

In vitro translated USF1/BD possessed DNA binding activity as a homodimer and a heterodimer with USF1 (wt).

USF1 binding site in Tgfb1 promoter region were demethylated, and binding of USF1 increased, with decreased binding of DNMT1 in db/db compared with control.

USF1 bound to the Chi3L1 promoter, however, Chi3L1 expression was decreased by USF1, despite USF1 enhancing the transcriptional activity of Chi3L1.

USF1 and USF2 bound the IGF2R promoter in vitro, and both USF1 and USF2, but not c-Myc, were present within the IGF2R promoter-associated chromatin in vivo.

In vivo, the USF1/USF2a heterodimer represents over 66 % of the USF binding activity whereas the USF1 and USF2a homodimers represent less than 10 %, which strongly suggests an in vivo preferential association in heterodimers.

Transfection studies with mutations that selectively impaired YY1 or USF1 binding suggested that both YY1 and USF1 function as activators in the hTOP3 promoter.

A functional role of USF1/USF2 in upregulating P1-directed transcription was demonstrated by analysis of the effects of (i) in vitro mutagenesis of the P1/E-box binding site, (ii) RNA interference targeting USF1 transcripts.

USF1 gene expression was also enhanced during serum starvation in TE671 cells through activation of p38 mitogen activated protein kinase, and the efficiency of the binding of USF1 to the atypical E-box was clearly increased by serum starvation.

The ability of b/HLH/Z USF1 to form a tetrameric assembly on two distant DNA binding sites as a consequence of increased protein concentration suggest a USF1 concentration-dependant mechanism of transcription activation involving DNA loop formation.

Chromatin immunoprecipitation assays using antisera against HNF3beta/Foxa2, USF1 and USF2 demonstrated that endogenous HNF3beta/Foxa2 binds to the-803/- 795 Foxa2 site, and USF1 and USF2 bind to the-408/- 403 E-box respectively in vivo, consistent with the gel retardation assay results.

In the case of-51 G, upstream stimulatory factor-1 (USF1) was identified as the specific trans element in accord to binding inhibition experiments and USF1 RNAi silencing.

Although transforming growth factor beta1 increased the USF1/USF2-E-box binding and P4Halpha(I) promoter activity, this up-regulatory effect can be largely prevented by USF1/USF2-specific short interference RNA.

However, since the USF1 mRNA lacks binding sites for miR-483-5p and-3 p, USF1 expression is likely enhanced in an indirect manner.

Examination of X-ray structures of the closely related TCF3 and USF1 bound to DNA suggests TCF3 can undergo a conformational shift to preferentially bind to 5 hmC while the USF1 basic region is bulkier and rigid precluding a conformation shift to bind 5 hmC.

USF1 gene can take part in basal transcription regulation of the human A3G gene in hepatocyte, and the identified E-box represented a binding site for the USF1.

EMSA assays confirmed that purified USF1 binds better toward the unmethylated than the methylated CG-containing USF1 consensus probe.

Instead, we found that Stat5 activates the phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase (PI3 kinase) pathway by a delayed, cycloheximide-sensitive mechanism and that PI3 kinase activity is essential for the induction of cyclin D2 by Stat5.

Smad2 linker phosphorylated by extracellular signal-regulated kinase (ERK) at the serine 255 residue interacts with STAT3 and p300 to transactivate, whereas carboxy-terminal unphosphorylated Smad3 interacts with STAT3 and protein inhibitor of activated STAT3 (PIAS3) to repress the Rorc and Il17a genes.

Here, we studied the role of serine/threonine phosphatases in STAT3 signaling in human antigen-specific CD4(+) T cell lines and cutaneous T cell lymphoma lines, expressing a constitutively activated STAT3.

In Th1 cells, IL-12 activated both STAT6 and STAT4, and IL-4 activated STAT6, but in both cases the Th1 phenotype remained.

In the present study, we further investigated the JAK/STAT signaling molecules activated by IL-27 and also the role of STAT1 in IL-27-mediated responses using STAT1-deficient mice.

In conclusion, STAT-5 is activated constitutively in PB leucocytes in patients with pSS, and basal STAT-5 phosphorylation seems to associate with hypergammaglobulinaemia, anti-SSB antibody production and purpura.

Together, our data demonstrated that SH479 ameliorated EAE by regulating the TH17/Treg balance through inhibiting the STAT3 and NF-κB pathways while activating the STAT5 pathway, suggesting that SH479 is a potential novel drug candidate for autoimmune diseases including MS.

Here we further analysed the block to STAT1/2 nuclear accumulation, showing that activated STAT1 accumulates in the cytoplasm in rotavirus-infected cells.

The inhibition of STAT3 by a STAT3-decoy ODN, leading to cell death, involves the entrapment of activated STAT3 dimers in the cytoplasm.

Activation of signal transducers and activators of transcription (STAT) proteins may be critical to their oncogenic functions as demonstrated by the development of B-cell lymphoma/leukemia in transgenic (TG) mice overexpressing a constitutively activated form of Stat5b.

Signal transducers and activator of transcription (STAT) proteins are often constitutively activated in leukocytes of HIV-1(+) individuals, which frequently show a dominant expression of a C-terminally truncated isoform of STAT5 (STAT5Δ).

In addition, CXCL12 selectively activates signal transducer and activator of transcription (STAT)-5 whereas CCL5 activates STAT-1.

While P is involved in the modulation of the Jak-Stat pathway through the cytoplasmic retention of interferon (IFN)-activated STAT1 (pSTAT1), M interacts with the RelAp43-p105-ABIN2-TPL2 complex, to efficiently inhibit the nuclear factor-κB (NF-κB) pathway.

ThC induced phosphorylation of STAT5, suggesting that it activates Jak/STAT pathway as in the case of TPO.

STAT3 can be constitutively activated in a broad range of human cancers including solid as well as hematological tumors and overexpression of STAT3 has been observed in a wide-range of patient-derived tumor tissue samples that may contribute to dismal prognosis.

Moreover, intratracheal instillation of IL-4 and/or IL-13 robustly activates STAT6 and concomitantly upregulates SHH expression in mouse airway epithelia, whereas, in Club cell 10-kDa protein (CC10)-positive airway epithelial cells of children with asthma activated STAT6 closely correlates with the increased expression of SHH and high activity of SHH signaling.

BRCA1 overexpression in SiHa cells may upregulate STAT1 to activate the JAK/STAT signaling pathway, suggesting a mechanism for enhanced CCRT resistance.

STAT1 is known to be activated by EGFR, so we investigated the tyrosine kinase and found that EGFR was also constitutively phosphorylated in meningioma and was responsible for the aberrant phosphorylation of STAT1.

As SOCS3 is induced by activated signal transducer and activator of transcription 3 (STAT3), and ALK activates STAT3, we hypothesized that SOCS3 may play a role in ALK+ ALCL pathogenesis via the Janus kinase 3 (JAK3)-STAT3 pathway.

Although STAT5 is known to regulate CIS expression, thrombin did not activate STAT5, and inhibitors of JAK2 (AG490) and JAK3 (WHI-P97 and WHI-P154) had little effect on thrombin-induced CIS expression.

Counterregulatory mechanisms protecting from overwhelming STAT activation are represented by protein inhibitors of activated STATs and the SOCS family proteins.

Data obtained by electrophoretic mobility shift assay suggested that the activated Stat-3 protein associates with the human serum-inducible element (hSIE) DNA-probe derived from the interferon-gamma activated site (GAS) in the c-fos promoter, a common DNA sequence for Stat protein binding.

STAT3 was found to be constitutively activated in v-Src-transformed HAG-1 cells, but not in either non-transformed mock-transfected or activated c-H-ras-transfected HAG-1 cells, even though the other known STAT molecules are expressed.

Gel mobility shift and immunoprecipitation/Western analysis showed that STAT5 is rapidly activated by G-CSF in cells expressing the wt G-CSF receptor, in addition to the previously reported STAT3 and STAT1.

Mutants lacking any tyrosine residues in the cytoplasmic domain maintain their ability to activate STAT5 and STAT1 but cannot activate STAT3, implying that STAT5 and STAT1 activation does not require receptor tyrosine phosphorylation.

Although IL-2 and IFN-alpha activated STAT1 alpha and STAT5, IL-2 predominantly activated STAT5, while IFN-alpha predominantly activated STAT1 alpha.

We will summarize what we have learned about the molecular mechanisms of how Stat5 is activated by IL-2 family cytokines from in vitro biochemical studies as well as the role that is played by Stat5 in each of the cytokine signaling pathways from in vivo gene-targeting analyses.

Electrophoretic mobility shift assays demonstrated Stat5 as the only activated Stat factor in TEL-Jak2- and TEL-Jak1-expressing cells, whereas other Stats, namely Stat1 and Stat3, could be detected in TEL-JAK3-, TEL-TYK2-, and also in TEL-ABL-expressing Ba/F3 cells.

IL-2, IL-7, IL-9 and IL-15 activate STAT3 and STAT5, in contrast to IL-4, which activates STAT6.

In preactivated human T cells, STAT5 became activated in an IL-4-dependent fashion as assayed by IL-4-induced STAT5 translocation from the cytoplasm to the cell nucleus and by binding to cognate DNA.

Under normal conditions, JAK/STAT signaling reflects the influence of negative regulators of JAK/STAT, exemplified by the suppressor of cytokine signaling and protein inhibitor of activated STAT.

Expression of GP130 (glycoprotein 130), STAT3 (signal transducer and activators of transcription 3), PIAS3 (protein inhibitor of activated STAT 3), and SOCS3 (suppressor of cytokine signaling 3) genes after stimulation with LIF or OSM was assessed using RT-qPCR (real-time PCR).

Morin inhibited activated Src, JAK-1, and JAK-2, all of which are linked to STAT3 activation, while up-regulating a protein inhibitor of activated STAT3, PIAS3.

We examined the anti-tumor mechanism of curcumin on STAT-3 and on the negative regulators of STAT-3, including suppressors of cytokine signaling proteins (SOCS-1 and SOCS-3), protein inhibitors of activated STAT (PIAS-1 and PIAS-3), and SH2 domain-containing phosphatases (SHP-1 and SHP-2) in ovarian and endometrial cancer cell lines.

In this study, we analyzed the roles of an inhibitor of STAT, protein inhibitor of activated STAT (PIAS) 3, in the development of lung cancer.

The expression levels of STAT3, JAK2, suppressor of cytokine signaling 3 (SOCS3), and protein inhibitor of activated Stat3 (PIAS3) in the outer membranes of CSDHs were examined by immunostaining.

The Janus kinase (JAK)-signal transducer and activator of transcription (STAT) signaling pathway was activated in RSC96 cells treated with high glucose, which was indicated by increased STAT3 phosphorylation.

The fact that STAT3 could be activated also by oxidative stress make Puromycin Aminonucleoside (PAN) Nephrosis model very appropriate for examination of STAT3 expression changes in glomerular pathology.

Additional studies suggest that TGF-beta blockade of IFN-gamma activity in epithelia is via enhanced sequestering of STAT1 by pre-existing protein inhibitor of activated STAT1.

Infection of mice with HN878 and W4 was also associated with relatively higher levels of mRNA for a number of negative regulators of the Jak-Stat signaling pathway, such as suppressors of cytokine signaling (SOCS) 1, 4, and 5, CD45, protein inhibitor of activated Stat1 (PIAS1), protein tyrosine phosphatase nonreceptor type 1 (Ptpn1), and protein tyrosine phosphatase nonreceptor type substrate 1 (Ptpns1).

Incomplete responders expressed larger amounts of STAT3, IRF2, and protein inhibitor of activated STAT1 (PIAS1) mRNAs compared to complete responders before IQ treatment.

We found that the expression of the endogenous inhibitor of STAT3, protein inhibitor of activated STAT3 (PIAS3), positively correlates with STAT3 activation in normal cells.

STAT3 transcriptional activity can be negatively regulated by protein inhibitor of activated STAT3 (PIAS3).

The expressions of JAK1, JAK2, STAT1, STAT3, suppressors of cytokine signaling (SOCS) 1, SOCS3, protein inhibitors of activated STAT (PIAS) 1, and PIAS3 were also measured by real-time quantitative reverse transcriptase-PCR.

Consistently, knockdown of BECN1 increased the phosphorylation of STAT3 and activated the STAT3 signaling pathway in CRC cells.

Tissue arrays of liver biopsies were used to study the expression of STAT1, STAT2, STAT5 and PIAS1 (protein inhibitor of activated STAT1).

Recently, STAT1 was found to become modified by PIAS (protein inhibitor of activated STAT)-mediated SUMO-1 (small ubiquitin-related modifier-1) conjugation at Lys703, but the regulation of this modification is largely unknown.

These genes are also regulated by the STAT1 inhibitor PIAS1 (protein inhibitor of activated STAT1).

Accordingly, we determined mRNA levels of IFN-gamma and IFN-gamma receptors, levels of IFN-gamma receptor-associated kinases (JAK1 and TYK2) and signalling molecules (signal transducer and activator of transcription-1 [ STAT1], STAT3, interferon-responsive-factor-1 [ IRF-1] and IRF-2) as well as inhibitors of cytokine signalling (protein inhibitor of activated STAT1 [ PIAS1] and suppressor of cytokine signalling 2 [ SOCS2]) in biopsies of anal condylomas, LSILs as well as HSILs from HIV-positive individuals by a semi-quantitative reverse transcribed polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) method.

A potential mechanism for reduced NOS2 expression in CF is diminished signal transducer and activator of transcription-1 (STAT1) activity, possibly due to an increase in expression of protein inhibitor of activated STAT1 (PIAS1).

To explore some of the mechanisms of HCV resistance to interferon, the expression of STAT1 and its negative regulators, protein inhibitor of activated STAT (PIAS1) and suppressor of cytokine signalling (SOCS3), in liver tissues of both inteferon responders and nonresponders in chronic HCV patients.

The phosphorylation of STAT3 (signal transducer and activator of transcription 3), ERK1/2 (extracellular-regulated kinases 1/2), Akt1/2/3, p-38, c-Raf and expression of SOCS3 (suppressor of cytokine signaling 3), PIAS1/3 (protein inhibitors of activated STAT) was assessed by western blotting in the myocardium 24 h after the last injection.

The STAT-signalling pathway is highly vulnerable to THZ1 even in PTCL cells that carry the activating STAT3 mutation Y640F.

Chromatin immunoprecipitation experiments revealed that STAT5 transcriptionally activated cyclin D1 in a growth hormone-dependent fashion, thus providing a mechanism into how STAT5 enhances proliferation.

Expression of JAK2 V617F triggers activation of Stat5, the only STAT normally activated by Epo, as well as activation of Stat1 and Stat3.

The JAK/STAT pathway is a highly conserved regulatory module activated by many cytokines, in which tyrosine-phosphorylated STATs (pSTATs) function as transcription factors.

The Janus kinase-signal transducer and activator of transcription (JAK-STAT) signaling pathway was activated by WHI-131, accompanied by phosphorylation of STAT3 Ser727 and dephosphorylation of STAT6.

Ach exposure decreased STAT-1 methylation via activation of protein phosphatase 2 A and increased the protein inhibitor of activated STAT-1 (PIAS-1)-STAT-1 complex formation in both HCV(+) and HCV(-) cells, preventing ISG activation.

CLCF-1 increased phosphorylation of STAT3 in multiple cell types activated podocytes leading to formation of lamellipodia and decrease in basal stress fibers, increased glomerular albumin permeability, and increased STAT3 phosphorylation of peripheral blood cells and renal cortex.

Importantly, overexpression of HMGN proteins did not induce the phosphorylation of STAT3 or activate STAT reporter genes.

Notably, STAT3 was not activated in the lungs of gp130(+/+) mice by NNK, and genetic normalization of STAT3 activation in gp130(F/F) : Stat3(-/+) mice had no effect on NNK-induced tumourigenesis.

Signal transducer and activator of transcription (STAT) 3 was activated in LN and STAT3 inhibition could delay the onset of LN.

In addition, the signal transducer and activator of transcription (STAT) 1 and STAT3 signaling was activated by tyrosine phosphorylation in LN mouse renal tissue, indicating that the phosphorylated STAT1 (p-STAT1) and p-STAT3 were involved in kidney injury.

We found that STAT3 was the most activated STAT protein in PDAC tumors from KPC mice.

In addition to their pleiotropic functions under physiological conditions, transcription factors STAT3 and STAT5 also have oncogenic activities, but how activated STATs are transported to the nucleus has not been fully understood.

tuberculosis inhibits the response to IFN-gamma by a mechanism distinct from either suppressor of cytokine signaling-1 inhibition of STAT1 phosphorylation or protein inhibitor of activated STAT interference with DNA binding, and indicate that other mechanisms of inhibition of IFN-gamma responses remain to be discovered.

Furthermore, baicalin inhibited STAT1 and activated STAT3 signaling pathways.

Mechanistically, we found that Blimp-1 can directly suppress Il-10, whereas, in the presence of activated STAT3, Blimp-1 works together with activated STAT3 to upregulate Il-10.

We have shown that STAT3 is constitutively activated in human gastric cancer, and that chronic IL-11-driven STAT3 transcriptional activity induces gastric tumourigenesis in the gp130(757FF) mouse model of gastric cancer development.

However, mice with cardiac myocyte restricted knockout of STAT3, a principal transcription factor activated by LIF, develop heart failure with age, and cardiac STAT3 levels are reported to be decreased in heart failure patients.

Transcriptional profiling of infected STAT3- and STAT6-deficient macrophages and parasitized Peyer\s patches from mice orally challenged with strain II+ROP16I suggested that ROP16 activated STAT5 to modulate host gene expression.

The results showed that DON and T-2 upregulated the messenger RNA (mRNA) expressions of interleukin (IL)-6, IL-1β, tumor necrosis factor-α, JAK1-2, STAT1-3, and suppressors of cytokine signaling members and activated the tyrosine phosphorylation of STAT1 and STAT3 with a dose-dependent manner in RAW264.

Both signal transducers and activators of the transcription (STAT) 3 (tyr705 and ser727) and STAT1 (tyr701) were activated within 15 min of cytokine mixture exposure, while STAT1 (ser727) activated after 3 h.

STAT1 is activated by all three IFN receptor complexes and absence of STAT1 from mice increases their susceptibility to pathogens.

Overexpression of RhoH on the other hand caused an induction of STAT1 activity and western blot analysis revealed that activated STAT1 is phosphorylated on Tyr701.

Moreover, a 17-kDa protein in both fasted and refed rat liver was recognized by anti-USF1 antibodies, and this 17-kDa USF1-related protein was expressed in a manner opposite to that of the 43-kDa USF1, i.

Data show that cross-linking of CD45 markedly inhibits CD40L-induced activity of the Src family kinases Lck and Lyn.

Furthermore, cotreatment of microglial cells with CD40 ligand and TGF-beta1 or IL-10, or both inhibits CD40-mediated activation of p44/42 MAPK and production of TNF-alpha in a statistically interactive manner.

Soluble anti-CD4 MAb inhibited responses somewhat, whereas immobilized anti-CD4 enhanced responses.

The proliferation of CD4(+) CD25(-) T cells from the same donor in mixed lymphocyte reactions was significantly inhibited at a 1 : 8 ratio of conventional T cells:Treg cells: 14, 404 +/- 673 cpm without CD4(+) CD25(high) Treg cells versus 10, 781 +/- 539 cpm with CD4(+) CD25(high) Treg cells P =.

Bat3-deficient T cells have elevated expression of exhaustion-associated molecules such as Tim-3, Lag3, Prdm1 and Pbx3, and Bat3 knockdown in myelin-antigen–specific CD4+ T cells markedly inhibits the development of experimental autoimmune encephalomyelitis while promoting the expansion of a dysfunctional Tim-3hi, interferon-γ (IFN-γ) loCD4+ cell population.

Furthermore, even if ex vivo, in both groups of patients, PMNs shared the same phenotype of resting cells, after 24 hours of coculture with autologous CD4+ and CD8+ T cells, PMNs of NASH patients acquired a more active phenotype, becoming able to strongly inhibit proliferation and activation of CD4+ and CD8+ T cells.

We now show that, under tolerogenic conditions, IFNα/β play a critical role in antigen-specific and also polyclonal naïve CD4 + T cell conversion into peripheral antigen-specific CD4 + CD25 + Foxp3 + Tregs and inhibit CD4 + T helper (Th) cell expansion in mice.

The results show that compared with the model control group and CTX group, FZFA+CTX restored the ratio of spleen CD4(+) IL-17(+) Th17 and CD4(+) CD25(+) Foxp3(+) Treg cells, and inhibited the inflammatory response including the nuclear SOCS3/JAK-STAT pathway, regulation of interleukins TGF- β, IL-6, IL-17, IL-23, and IFN- γ, and Foxp3 and ROR γ t gene expression in CD4(+) T lymphocytes.

We isolated and cultured CD4(+) T cells from both healthy subjects and allergic asthmatic patients to test whether IL-27 can inhibit IL-4 production by the cultured CD4(+) T cells using ELISA.

Our data highlight that Cn signaling in CD4+ T cells is critical for intestinal immune homeostasis in part by inhibiting IL-12 responsiveness of CD4+ T cells.

Moreover, triggering of CD45 with anti-CD45 Abs can inhibit IL-4-induced AID expression, and this CD45-mediated AID inhibition correlated with the ability of anti-CD45 to suppress IL-4-activated JAK1, JAK3, and STAT6 phosphorylations.

The peptide also binds to CD4 and competitively inhibits binding of QS4120 an antibody directed against the CDR2 region of CD4.

We report here that R3A infection induced depletion of both infected and uninfected " bystander" CD4 T cells, and treatment with CCR5 antagonist TAK-779 inhibited R3A-induced bystander CD4 T cell depletion without affecting virus replication.

It is expressed in activated CD4 + \240\and CD8 + T-cells, and inhibits CD4 + T-cell responses to antigenic peptides presented by dendritic cells as well as CD4 + T-cell responses to peptide antigens in vivo.

TLR4-/- CD4+ naïve T cells inhibited their differentiation into Th17, and transfer of TLR4-/- CD4+ naïve T cells into Rag1-/- mice was defective in promoting EAE, characterized by less demyelination and Th17 infiltration in the spinal cord.

Although activin A promoted IL-9 expression in CD4+ Th cells, it inhibited IL-9 production by CD49b+NKp46+ NK cells in mice.

Notably, TRAPs-elicited CD4+ T cells inhibited CD4+ and CD8+ effector T cell function in an IL-6- and IL-10-dependent manner and induced IL-10-producing regulatory B cells (Bregs) via IL-6, IL-10 and IL-21, thereby promoting tumor growth and metastasis.

The number of CD3+CD4+ and CD3+CD8+ T cells secreting IFN-γ, IL-2 and TNF-α was decreased, and the number of CD3+CD4+ T cells secreting IL-4 was increased, indicating that RHS2 can inhibit the activation of CD4 T cells and CD8 T cells, leading to inhibition of Th1 immune response.

NF-κB activity in CD4(+) T cells was also dependent on HLA-DRB1,04 genotype, and blocking HLA-DR inhibited NF-κB activity in CD4(+) T cells and normalized gene expression, as did pharmacologic inhibition of NF-κB.

Further examination demonstrated that blockade of autophagy in β-glucan-induced DCs significantly attenuated IFN-γ production by co-cultured CD4 + T cells and inhibited the proliferation and differentiation of CD4 + T cells.

The CD47 ligand thrombospondin-1 inhibited NK cell proliferation and CD69 expression in vitroCd47-/- NK cells correspondingly displayed augmented effector phenotypes, indicating an inhibitory function of CD47 on NK cells.

We demonstrate here that autophagy and cell death are also induced in the uninfected CD4 T cells by HIV-1 R5 Env, while autophagy is inhibited in productively X4 or R5-infected CD4 T cells.

Treatment of CD4-negative, CXCR4-positive human cells with MbetaCD inhibited CD4-independent infection of the X4-tropic strains.

18 A does not interfere with CD4 or CCR5 binding, but it inhibits the CD4-induced disruption of quaternary structures at the trimer apex and the exposure of the gp41 HR1 coiled coil.

To investigate the expression of various surface receptors on CD4(+) CD25(high) regulatory T cells and to investigate their capacity for inhibiting the proliferation of CD4(+) CD25(-) effector T cells (Teffs).

We propose that Nef, by downregulating cell surface CD4, enhances HIV-1 replication by inhibiting CD4-induced dissociation of gp120 from gp41.

In addition, the nonraft CD4 mutant inhibits HIV-1 X4 and R5 entry in a CD4(+) cell line.

SDF-1alpha binding to CD4(+) CXCR4(+/-) cells, or soluble CD4 electroblotted onto Immobilon, is significantly inhibited by sCD4, whereas truncated sCD4 lacking D3 and D4 domains had no significant effect, which indicates that SDF-1 binds to CD4 but at regions different from the HIV-gp120-binding site.

Interestingly, the binding of HIV to CD4+ murine cells was inhibited by both anti-V3 and anti-CD4 MAbs, whereas the binding to human and murine CD4- cells was affected only by anti-V3 loop MAbs.

This conclusion is supported by the finding that (1) CD4-independent infection by these viruses is inhibited by an anti-Fusin monoclonal antibody, (2) Fusin expression renders human and nonhuman CD4-negative cell lines sensitive to HIV-2-induced syncytium induction and/or infection, and (3) Fusin is selectively down-regulated from the cell surface following HIV-2 infection.

We observed that CD4(+)-T-cell destruction is specific for CXCR4-utilizing HIV-1 strains and that the fusion blocker enfuvirtide inhibits Env-mediated CD4(+)-T-cell killing but is substantially less potent than AIs.

A recombinant CD4-based protein (CD4-immunoglobulin G2 [ IgG2]), that is currently being evaluated in clinical trials, completely inhibited the uptake of HIV particles by CD4(+) T cells from persistently infected cells expressing R5, X4, or X4/T-20-resistant HIV-1 envelope glycoproteins.

Thus, the inhibition of the specific interaction between gp120 and CD4 protein could be an effective strategy to inhibit HIV binding to CD4(+) T cells, and the mechanism by which CD4(+) T cells lacking the appropriate coreceptor may be converted in HIV carriers.

Retrocyclin-1 inhibited HIV-1 Env-mediated fusion without impairing the lateral mobility of CD4, and it inhibited the fusion of CD4-deficient cells with cells bearing CD4-independent HIV-1 Env.

Surface plasmon resonance demonstrated that retrocyclin bound to soluble CD4 and gp120, but gp120 cell-binding assays revealed that retrocyclin did not fully inhibit the binding of soluble CD4 to gp120.

PSGL-1 and CD43 inhibited virus attachment to CD4+ cells irrespective of the presence of Env.

Small-molecule CD4-mimetic compounds (CD4mc) inhibit human immunodeficiency virus (HIV-1) entry by blocking binding to the CD4 receptor and by premature triggering of the viral envelope glycoprotein (Env) spike.

We have previously shown that CD4 ligands inhibit interleukin-2 (IL-2) production and T cell proliferation in human peripheral CD4+ T lymphocytes, in an MHC-independent way.

Ag-induced proliferation of T cell clones transfected with human CD4 was completely inhibited in the presence of gp120, even though stimulation of this clone is independent of a CD4/MHC class II interaction.

However, CD2+ DC precursors alone gave rise to APC that presented soluble Ags to naive CD4+ T cells, a property that could be inhibited by Abs to CD4, CD11a, and CD28 on T cells or CD86 on DC.

However, CD4 ligands binding to the CD4 molecule has also been shown to inhibit T cell proliferation and interleukin (IL)-2 production in human CD4+ T cells, in an MHC-independent way.

Infection of DC in the presence of antibodies against CD4 was inhibited and suggests infection occurs via a CD4-dependent pathway.

CD4 was shown to be functional in these cells in that anti-CD4 mAb inhibited their proliferation: however, both Ag- and Con A-induced responses were inhibited, suggesting that a negative signal was delivered by the anti-CD4 mAb.

In contrast to adult CD45RA+ CD4+ T cells, cord blood CD45RA+ CD4+ T cells were strongly sensitive to the down-regulation of adhesion mediated by the CD4-HLA class II interaction, since adhesion to MHC class II(+) B cells was transient and inhibited by an anti-CD4 antibody.

In addition, human immunodeficiency virus gp160, synthetic gp106-derived peptides encompassing a CD4 binding site inhibited conjugate formation between cord blood CD45RA+ CD4+ T cells and B cells.

The adhesion of memory T cells, but not naive T cells, to MHC class II(+) B cells was sensitive to inhibition by OKT4a an anti-CD4 antibody, human immunodeficiency (HIV) gp160 (env) protein and a 12-mer peptide encompassing the 35-46 sequence of the HLA, DR beta 1 domain and previously shown to inhibit activation of HLA class II-restricted CD4 T cell responses.

Its binding to CD4 was inhibited by anti-CD4 mAbs directed against V1, a region of CD4 implicated in the binding to MHC class II antigens and to the HIV-1 envelope protein gp120, but not by mAbs directed against other CD4 determinants.

To determine if this site is conserved in other species, several polyanions that blocked monoclonal antibody (mAb) binding to human CD4 were examined for their ability to inhibit the binding of mAb to mouse, rat, pig, sheep and chicken CD4.

In addition, synthetic peptides (14 to 21 mer) derived from the gp160 sequence and analogous to the putative binding site of gp160 to CD4 (residues 418-460), and also covering residues 460 to 474 inhibit the capacity of both CD4+ T cell proliferation induced by tuberculin and anti-CD3 antibody and adhesion.

In sharp contrast to results reported for preactivated T cells and CD4 transfected T cell hybridomas, all 22 CD4 mAb tested did inhibit proliferative responses of freshly isolated CD4 T cells to MHC class II Ag.

RNA interference revealed that USF1 but not USF2 supports OPN expression in LRP6-VKO vascular smooth muscle lineage, and immunoprecipitation confirmed increased USF1 association with OPN chromatin.

Additional analyses of trait and hepatic gene expression data from an F2 population derived from C57BL/6J and C3H/HeJ strains in which there is a naturally occurring variation in Usf1 expression supported a causal role for Usf1 for relevant metabolic traits.

In addition, we confirmed USF1 as a substrate of human PAS kinase (hPASK) in vitro Combined, our data supports a model in which Cbf1/USF1 functions to partition glucose toward respiration and away from lipid biogenesis, while PAS kinase inhibits respiration in part through the inhibition of Cbf1/USF1.

USF1 mRNA levels were increased in mouse kidneys with carbohydrate refeeding, and USF1 protein was increased in diabetic rat kidneys compared with controls.

Moreover, USF1 acetylation was increased by apicidin, which enhanced the association of USF1 with HDAC2/3 and with the ADAM10 promoter.

Overexpression of recombinant rat USF1 in spontaneously contracting cultured cardiomyocytes significantly increased activity of a cotransfected alpha-MHC promoter/luciferase reporter plasmid containing the HME motif plus core promoter elements (- 40/+ 32), suggesting a role of rat USF1 in the contractile-mediated activation of the gene.

2) knockdown of Usf1 or Usf2 affects both endogenous Agtrap mRNA and Agtrap protein expression, and 3) the decrease in Agtrap mRNA expression in the afflicted kidney by unilateral ureteral obstruction is accompanied by changes in Usf1 and Usf2 mRNA.

Furthermore, the carriers of minor alleles of rs2516839 (C) and rs1556259 (G) of USF1 gene had decreased USF1 expression in atherosclerotic plaques (P = 0.028 and 0.08, respectively) as compared to non-carriers.

We quantified the expression of USF1, p53 and their target genes, we determined their subcellular localisation by immunofluorescence and examined USF1/p53 interaction.

In addition, we examine potential therapeutic strategies such as statins, flavonoids, and human umbilical cord blood transplantation, all of which have been shown to modulate CD40-CD40L interaction in mouse models of AD.

The inhibition of MHC class I molecule expression correlates well with degradation of RFX5, an essential downstream transcription factor required for both the constitutive and IFN-gamma-inducible MHC class I expression.

These HLA-B27-induced phenotypes required the presence of hβ2m that allowed expression of well-folded HLA-B conformers at the cell surface.

Interestingly, inhibition of HLA-A1-specific T cell response absolutely requires the coexpression of m-CD95L and HLA-A1 antigen on the same APC.

This effect of Nef on class I MHC traffic requires the SH3 domain-binding surface and a cluster of acidic amino acid residues in Nef, both of which are also required for Nef to downregulate class I MHC surface expression and to alter signal transduction in T cells.

Downregulation of class I MHC complexes from the surface of T cells also requires a tyrosine residue in the cytoplasmic domain of the class I MHC heavy chain molecule.

CMA specifically reversed Nef-mediated down-regulation of MHC-I, but not CD4, and cells treated with CMA showed reduced formation of the Nef:MHC-I:AP-1 complex required for MHC-I down-regulation.

MAPK pathway-driven relocalization of HLA-A,0201 required a highly conserved cytoplasmic serine phosphorylation site previously implicated in rapid MHC-I internalization and recycling by activated immune cells.

Stable MHC class I cell surface expression requires delivery of cytosolic peptides into the endoplasmic reticulum by the peptide transporter molecules TAP1 and TAP2, with peptides subsequently transported to the cell surface in complexes containing MHC class I heavy chain and beta2-microglobulin.

Based on the distribution of MICA in northeastern Thai population, only 27 primer mixes were required to screen the MICA polymorphisms in this population.

The MICA,002 allele has a strong dominant effect in reducing the risk of PSC, whereas the increased risk of disease associated with MICA,008 may be a recessive effect requiring 2 copies of the MICA,008 allele.

The origin of the third extra MICA allele could not be determined and would require MICA genotyping information from other family members, which is unavailable.

Here, we report that BY55 is a novel NK receptor showing broad specificity for both classical and nonclassical MHC class I molecules, and that optimal binding requires a prior aggregation of MHC class I complexes.

Although the anti-HLA antibodies produced were specific for HLA-A2, the boosting of anti-HLA-A2 IgG production did not require the expression of the HLA-A2 protein, since either HLA-A2-negative skin xenografts or HLA-identical x-irradiated PBLs enhanced the production of anti-HLA-A2 IgG.

Stimulation of HLA-A expression by IFN-gamma requires nuclear export of HLA-A mRNA by chromosome maintenance region 1 (CRM-1).

We next addressed the question of whether ubiquitination is a condition for the retrograde movement of MHC class I molecules from the ER to the cytosol, or whether ubiquitination is merely required for recognition of dislocated MHC class I molecules by the proteasome.

High affinity peptides can apparently compete with peptides in preloaded MHC class I molecules at the cell surface, whereas low affinity peptides require empty MHC molecules within cells.

Successful predictions of peptide MHC binding typically require a large set of binding data for the specific MHC molecule that is examined.

We establish a new role for ubiquitin in regulating MHC-I mRNA deadenylation as ubiquitination of CNOT7 by MEX-3C regulates its deadenylation activity and is required for MHC-I mRNA degradation.

It was unaffected by HLA-B7 and other cross-reactive antigens but required a minor adjustment, a reduction in the volume of one of the " B27" moabs used, to avoid detecting a minority of HLA-B57 subjects.

Designing synthetic vaccines from class I major histocompatibility complex (MHC)-binding antigenic peptides requires not only knowledge of the binding affinity of the designed peptide but also predicting the stability of the formed MHC-peptide complex.

This suggests that HLA-B27 can present peptides from Ags present in fewer copies than required for successful peptide generation for other MHC class I molecules.

We found that, in the absence of exogenous peptides, the HLA-Cw,0304 transfectants were killed at levels comparable to untransfected RMA-S cells whereas protection from lysis required both HLA-Cw,0304 heavy chain expression and an exogenously added HLA-Cw,0304-binding peptide.

Like all others MHC-I molecules, HLA-C requires β2-microglobulin (β2m) for appropriate folding and expression on the cell membrane but this association is weaker, thus generating HLA-C free-chains on the cell surface.

We show that maintaining the fast-to-slow MHC isoform shift required consistent aerobic training in the soleus and plantaris muscles: detraining clearly abolished any fast-to-slow gains in the plantaris, whereas the training volume in DETR Hi rats appeared to influence the MHC return to basal levels in the soleus.

The transcriptional activation of class II MHC genes requires the class II transactivator (CIITA) protein, a regulator that is essential for both constitutive and IFN-gamma-inducible class II MHC expression.

The transcriptional activation of class II MHC genes requires the induction of the class II transactivator (CIITA) protein, a master regulator that is essential for both constitutive and IFN-gamma-inducible class II MHC expression.

We conclude that human CD8+ TEM-mediated rejection targeting graft EC class I MHC molecules requires help from CD4+ TEM cells activated by recognition of class II MHC molecules.

The recruitment of CIITA to MHC-II promoters requires its direct interactions with a preassembled MHC-II enhanceosome consisting of cyclic AMP response element-binding protein (CREB) and nuclear factor Y (NF-Y) complex and regulatory factor X (RFX) complex proteins.

We found that Vγ2(+) Cβ(+) cells are positive for either CD4 or CD8 and are selected in an MHC class II- or MHC class I-dependent manner, respectively, thus following the differentiation pathway of αβ and not γδ cells and demonstrating that Vβ V region sequences are not required for selection of an MHC-restricted repertoire.

Using gene-deficient leukemias, we determined that BC-CML and AML MHC upregulation required IFN-γ stimulation, whereas CP-CML MHC upregulation was independent of both the IFN-γ receptor (IFN-γR) and the IFN-α/β receptor IFNAR1.

Using bone marrow chimeras, we showed that HP of naïve CD8+ T cells is primarily regulated by MHC class I on radio-resistant stromal cells, yet optimal recovery of CD8+ T cell counts still requires expression of MHC class I on both radio-resistant and radio-sensitive hematopoietic cells.

Despite the strong association with MHC class I, CD8+ T cells are not required for disease induction in the HLA-B27/Huβ2m transgenic rats.

Consistent with the binding of the MHC-I α-chain to the luminal domain of m06, the m06-mediated disposal of MHC-I did not require the β2m chain of mature MHC-I.

Deletion of 283 carboxyl-terminal residues from the SMMHC domain required for multimerization, also inactivated CBFbeta-SMMHC.

We also found that downregulation of class I MHC by SIV Nef requires a conserved tyrosine in the cytoplasmic domain of the class I MHC heavy chain and involves accelerated endocytosis of class I complexes, as previously found with HIV-1 Nef.

Previous studies have failed to detect an interaction between monomeric soluble CD4 (sCD4) and class II major histocompatibility complex (MHC) proteins, suggesting that oligomerization of CD4 on the cell surface may be required to form a stable class II MHC binding site.

Although these CD8+ cells mediate HIV-specific, class I MHC restricted CTL activity, the predominant mechanism for inhibiting virus replication requires neither contact nor MHC matching between the CD8+ effector cells and CD4+ targets.

2 c did not interfere with the PACS-2-dependent trafficking of Nef required for the Nef-SFK interaction or the AP-1 and PACS-1-dependent sequestering of internalized MHC-I, suggesting the inhibitor specifically interfered with the Nef-SFK interaction required for triggering MHC-I down-regulation.

Nef-triggered MHCII endocytosis requires Rab5 activity and lyst function, whereas lysosomal trafficking of internalized MHCII molecules requires Rab7 activity.

We identified 15 instances of transcription-factor-binding motif gains, such as USF, MYC, MAX, MAFK, STAT1, PBX3, etc, and observed 16 GWAS (genome-wide association study) SNPs associated with diseases within these 24 DHSs using FIMO (Find Individual Motif Occurrences) and UCSC (University of California, Santa Cruz) ChIP-seq data.

Arg99His) in the gene encoding interferon lambda receptor 1 (IFNLR1)-a protein that functions in the Jak/ STAT pathway- are associated with ADNSHL Morpholino knockdown of ifnlr1 leads to a significant decrease in hair cells and non-inflation of the swim bladder in late-stage zebrafish, which can be reversed by injection with normal Zebrafish ifnlr1 mRNA.

To determine whether or not USF1 could inhibit the interaction of aryl hydrocarbon receptor (AhR)/AhR nuclear translocator (Arnt) complex with XRE, we transfected USF1-SR alpha expression vector into HepG2 cells.

Both USF1 and nuclear factor-kappa B are well known to interact with STAT1, but the other five TFs are previously unreported STAT1 interaction partners.

In summary, a novel oligonucleotide array-based assay platform was developed and used to study interactions between STAT1 and functional TF binding partners revealing that USF2 and potentially four other new TFs are partners of STAT1 in an IFN-γ stimulated mouse fibroblast cell line.

Analysis of Jak-STAT signaling pathways revealed that the activation of Jak1, STAT3, and STAT5 were induced in tolerant T cells after Ag stimulation in vivo.

Analysis of Stat5 protein isoforms from five of five SzS patients revealed predominant aberrant expression of Stat5(t) in preactivated peripheral blood mononuclear cell.

Consistent with the inappropriate activation of Stat5(t) in SzS patients, real-time PCR revealed that IL-2-induced mRNA expression of the Stat5 target genes, Bcl-2, PIM-1, and CISH were markedly reduced.

The induction of Setdb2 by IFN-I was significantly impaired upon inhibition of the JAK-STAT signaling cascade, and chromatin immunoprecipitation revealed that both STAT1 and interferon regulatory factor 7 bind upstream of the transcription start site to induce expression.

RNA-Seq analysis of CD4(+) T cells from Stat1- and Stat3-deficient mice revealed that both STAT1 and STAT3 are critical for IL-21-mediated gene regulation.

Further analysis using specific inhibitors to STAT3 and p38 MAPK pathways revealed that the STAT3 signaling, but not p38 MAPK signaling, contributed to IFN-γ production in DCs.

Viral pathogenesis studies in WT and STAT1 R274W mixed bone marrow chimeric mice revealed that the presence of WT leukocytes was sufficient to limit infection and that antigen-specific STAT1 R274W CD8+ T cell responses were impaired even in the presence of WT leukocytes.

Deep amplicon sequencing of STAT3 and STAT5B genes revealed a STAT3 R302G mutation with an allele burden of 2.6 %.

Overall, considering such losses of negative regulators and the GOF mutations in JAK and STAT genes, a total of 89.8 % of T-PLL revealed a genomic aberration potentially explaining enhanced STAT5B activity.

In the present study, we addressed the interplay between AMPK and STAT3, and revealed the important role of STAT3 inactivation in the anti-inflammatory function of AMPK in lipopolysaccharide-stressed macrophages and mice.

Comparison of (1) basal gene expression of untreated peripheral STAT5A/B-deficient and control T-cells and (2) immediate early gene induction upon in vitro stimulation of either population with IL-2 has revealed differential expression of a broad range of genes potentially contributing to the defects of STAT5A/B deficient T-cells.

This inhibition of IRF-1 expression correlated with a defective nuclear translocation of STAT1alpha, and further analyses revealed that the IFN-gamma-induced STAT1alpha association with the nuclear transport adaptor importin-alpha5 was compromised in L.

The disruption of the JAK/STAT signaling lowered the IDO1 activity and reversed the kynurenine-induced pro-immunosuppressive effects, as revealed by the restored proliferation of T-lymphocytes in STAT-silenced chemoresistant cells.

Furthermore, studies using STAT6(-/-) mice revealed that STAT6-mediated signaling was essential for the expansion of these alternatively activated macrophages.

Although the Gbp-1 and Gbp-2 promoters contain binding sites for transcription factors Stat1 and IFN regulatory factor 1 (IRF-1), deletion analysis revealed that the Stat1 binding site is dispensable for IFN-gamma inducibility of Gbp promoter constructs in transfected fibroblasts.

Viral plaque assays, using Wild Type (WT) and STAT3-/- Murine Embryonic Fibroblasts (MEFs)  revealed that STAT3 is required for the inhibition of Influenza and Vaccinia replication.

Checking the expression of the whole transcription (STAT) protein family reveals that STAT-6 is highly expressed in comparison with the other STAT proteins.

Unexpectedly, the analysis of STAT3 revealed an induction of STAT3 Y705 phosphorylation by MCMV.

Further, we found STAT1/3 bound to the Pin1 promoter revealing that activation of STAT1/3 was responsible for the increased expression of Pin1 under angiotensin II stimulation.

Because STAT3 is crucial for physiologic leptin action, we used TRAP-seq to examine gene expression in LepRb neurons of mice ablated for Stat3 in LepRb neurons (Stat3LepRbKO mice)  revealing the STAT3-dependent transcriptional targets of leptin.

CIITA knockdown and STAT1 inhibition experiments revealed that HLA-DRB1 expression in lupus CD8+ T cells is dependent on CIITA and STAT1 signalling.

Finally, chromatin immunoprecipitation with a STAT5 antibody revealed increased STAT5 binding to the promoter region of prosurvival Bcl-xL.

Finally, the impact of pPeOp on three key nodes of the Janus kinase (JAK)-signal transducer and activator of transcription (STAT) pathway were investigated and it was revealed that expression levels of JAK1, JAK2 and STAT3 were significantly downregulated following treatment.

HDAC9 co-precipitates with USF1 and is recruited with USF1 at the E-box region of the C/EBPα gene promoter in preadipocytes.

TGF-β1 increased the occupancy of activators USF1 and Tfe3, and decreased that of the repressor Zeb1 on the TGF-β1 promoter E-box binding sites.

An E-box hemodynamic response element (HME) located at position-47 within the alpha-MHC promoter is both necessary and sufficient to confer contractile responsiveness to the gene and has been shown to bind upstream stimulatory factor-1 (USF1).

Electrophoretic mobility shift assay showed that the in vitro translation product of the rat USF1 cDNA bound to the alpha-MHC HME motif and was recognized by an antibody to hUSF1.

When studied in spontaneously contracting cardiac myocytes, there is enhanced binding of USF1 to the HME compared with quiescent cells, which correlates with a threefold increase in alpha-MHC promoter activity.

A molecular mechanism by which contractile function modulates alpha-MHC transcriptional activity may involve signaling via phosphorylation of USF1.

Analysis of in vivo phosphorylated nuclear proteins from cultured ventricular myocytes showed that USF1 was phosphorylated, and resolution by two-dimensional gel electrophoresis identified at least two distinct phosphorylated USF1 molecules.

Expression of major histocompatibility complex class II (MHC II) molecules, which determines both the immune repertoire during development and subsequent triggering of immune responses, is always under the control of a unique (MHC class II) transactivator, CIITA.

HLA-A,0201-restricted CD8(+) T cells recognizing Ags expressed in human melanoma (melanoma Ag recognized by T cell-1 (MART-1)/melanoma Ag A (Melan-A)) or colon carcinoma (carcinoembryonic Ag (CEA)/epithelial cell adhesion molecule (EpCAM)) were triggered to release IFN-gamma and to mediate cytotoxic activity by HLA-A,0201-matched APCs pulsed with hsp96 purified from tumor cells expressing the relevant Ag.

An irradiated human HLA-A(,) 201 (+) pDC line loaded with peptides derived from the major melanoma tumor antigens, MelA/MART-1, gp100/pmel17, tyrosinase, and MAGE-A3, was used to trigger functional multi-specific T cells ex vivo from peripheral blood mononuclear cells and tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes from stage I-IV HLA-A(,) 201 (+) melanoma patients.

Results showed that 1) MICA expressed in the M8 melanoma cell line triggered NK cell tumor lysis and 2) HLA-G1 coexpression mediated the inhibition of NK cytotoxicity by mitigating the MICA activating signal.

Our data demonstrate that engagement of TCR by MHC-peptide complexes can trigger diverse apoptotic programs of AICD and that the choice between these programs is determined by the agonistic potency of MHC-peptide ligand.

Peptide presentation by major histocompatibility complex (MHC) molecules is of central importance for immune responses, which are triggered through recognition of peptide-loaded MHC molecules (pMHC) by cellular ligands such as T-cell receptors (TCR).

In HLA-B,27:05, the metals triggered conformational reorientations of pVIPR, but no such structural changes were observed in the HLA-B,27:09 subtype, with or without bound metal ion.

This conclusion was further substantiated by the finding that expression of viral genes known to interfere with MHC class I expression, such as the TAP inhibitor ICP47 of HSV and the MHC class I-destroying US11 protein of HCMV, was sufficient to trigger the cytotoxicity of NK cell clones expressing an inhibitory KIR for HLA-C.

In this study, we aimed to bypass the unwanted and default MHC class II Ag presentation and trigger MHCI presentation by using a photosensitizer that, upon light activation, would facilitate cytosolic targeting of codelivered Ag.

CTL specific for these epitopes were detected in 25-40 % of chronically HIV-1-infected HLA-Cw(,) 1202 (+) individuals and had strong abilities to kill HIV-1-infected cells and to suppress HIV-1 replication in vitro, suggesting that these CTL may have the ability to effectively control HIV-1 in some HLA-Cw(,) 1202 (+) individuals.

The present study represents the first four-digit allele genotyping of HLA-A and-B in Japanese Behcet\s disease (BD) patients and controls using a new genotyping method (named the PCR-SSOP-Luminex method) to determine the association of certain HLA-A or-B alleles with BD.

Overall, the genotyping method exhibited an accuracy of 85.91 % for HLA-A, 85.03 % for HLA-B, 97.32 % for HLA-C, and 90.67 % for HLA-DRB1 using 150 control samples, and 100 % for HLA-A and-C, 99.9 % for HLA-B, and 99.95 % for HLA-DRB1 in 1, 18 Japanese samples.

The results showed that frequencies of HLA-A,26, A,68, B,56 in ALL patients were higher (4.46 %, 2.65 %, 1.17 %), as compared with controls (2.31 %, 0.95 %, 0.22 %), HLA-CW,06 in ALL patients was lower (3.64 %), as compared with control (11.65 %).

To study the correlation between acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) and HLA-A, B and DRB1 gene in southern Chinese Han population and to investigate the susceptible HLA gene to ALL, a total of 4707 healthy volunteer bone marrow donors from southern Chinese Han population were used as a control group, 201 patients diagnosed as patient group from southern Han individuals were genotyped at HLA-A, B and DRB1 loci by PCR-SSP, PCR-SSOP and SBT.

In group A, a higher occurrence of HLA-A24 (21.7 %) was found as compared to group B (5.0 %) and to the controls (8.5 %), of HLA-B27 (15.0 %) and of HLA-DR-11 (20 %) as compared to the controls (4.2 % and 8.5 %).

In group B, a higher occurrence of HLA-A3 (25.0 %) was found as compared to group A (10 %) and to the controls (11.8 %), and of HLA-B8 (22.5 %) as compared to group A (8.3 %) and to the controls (8.6 %).

Significant differences were found between group B and the control group for HLA-A,11,-B,15,-B,40, and-DRB1,03, and between group A and the control group for HLA-B,15 and-DRB1,12.

A variant upstream of human leukocyte antigen C (HLA-C) shows the most significant genome-wide effect on HIV control in European Americans and is also associated with the level of HLA-C expression.

The frequency distribution of HLA-A,02 alleles (OR 9.719, OR 95 % CI 4.377-21.58, P = 0.0) and HLA-B,07 (OR 11.605, OR 95 % CI 2.397-56.191, P = 0.001) in the Eales disease group was higher than in the normal control group, but the HLA-A,11 alleles (OR 0.495, OR 95 % CI 0.245-1.0, P = 0.048) were lower than in the normal control group, showing a significant difference.

The high resolution genotyping of HLA-A,-B,-C,-DRB1,-DQB1 alleles in 65 AA patients and 772 healthy controls was performed with polymerase chain reaction-sequence specific oligonucleotide (PCR-SSO), the relationship between HLA-A,-B,-C,-DRB1,-DQB1 gene polymorphism and aplastic anemia was analyzed by Pearson Chi-square，Continuity Correction， Two-sided Fisher\s Exact Test and Odds Ratio.

Using Polymerase chain reactionsequence based typing (PCR-SBT) to genotype 64 children with DMD in HLA-A,-B-C,-DRB1, and-DQB1 locus and 503 healthy controls in HLA-A,-B,-DRB1 locus, this study aimed to investigate associations of specific HLA alleles with, and their possible roles in the development and clinical phenotypic severity of DMD.

In addition to the case:control analyses, HLA-B,27-negative patients with AS were analysed separately, and logistic regression and \ relative predispositional effects\ (RPE) analyses were carried out to control for the major effect of HLA-B,27 on disease susceptibility.

For the CML group, the frequencies of HLA-C2 ligand, 2 DL1+HLA-C2 pair and HLA-B Bw4-80I were significantly lower than those of the control group, suggesting a protective effect against CML (HLA-C2: OR=0.

The frequencies of KIR2DL1 ligand (HLA-C2) and KIR3DL1 ligand (HLA-B Bw4-80I) in the CML group were significantly lower than that of the control group, suggesting that the HLA-C2 and HLA-B Bw4-80I expression is probably decreased in the CML patient group, which led to reduced inhibitory signal and enhanced activating signal of KIR2DL1+ and/or KIR3DL1+ NK cells.

To characterize RFLP in psoriasis patients who did not have HLA-Cw6, 12 patients and 10 healthy controls who had HLA-Cw7 were also examined.

The frequencies of antigens HLA-A and-C and the majority of HLA-B phenotypes were not significantly different between the patient and control groups, whereas the antigen frequency of HLA-B16 was increased significantly (P less than 0.025) in the patient group.

Modulating specificity for HLA-C is position 44, whereas positions 71 and 131 control cross-reactivity with HLA-A,11:02.

At mRNA level, HLA-A, B and C mRNA were detected by RT-PCR, and the results showed that no changes were found on the expression of HLA-A, B mRNA between FB1 treated group and the control group, but HLA-C mRNA was inhibited in FB1 treated groups.

200 random controls, 120 patients with AS and 175 HLA-B27 positive controls were genotyped for six single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) spanning the HLA region between HLA-E and HLA-C loci previously shown to harbour an additional susceptibility locus for AS.

To analyze the associations of HLA-A,-B,-C,-DRB1 and-DQB1 alleles at high resolution with ESRD in Jiangsu province of China, a total of 499 unrelated patients with ESRD from the First Affiliated Hospital with Nanjing Medical University and 1584 healthy controls from Jiangsu Branch of Chinese Marrow Donor Program (CMDP) were genotyped at HLA-A,-B,-C,-DRB1 and-DQB1 loci.

In addition, four HLA-B genotypes of autistic patients had statistically significant relationship with control groups, consisting of HLA-B (⁎) 3905/(⁎) 5801 (P = 0.032, OR = 24.697), HLA-B (⁎) 2704/(⁎) 5801 (P = 0.022, OR = 6.872), HLA-B (⁎) 3501/(⁎) 4403 (P = 0.021, OR = 30.269), and HLA-B (⁎) 1801/(⁎) 4402 (P = 0.017, OR = 13.757).

Isogenic epithelial cell lines expressing two copies of either HLA-B,27:05 and a control HLA-B,35:01 heavy chain (HC) were generated to determine the effect on the Salmonella infection life-cycle.

Two reviewers identified studies investigating the associations between HLA-B,1301 and dapsone-induced cADRs that reported sufficient data for calculating the frequency of HLA-B,1301 carriers among case and control patients, in which all patients received dapsone before HLA-B,1301 screening.

Given the differential association of HLA-B,57:01 and HLA-B,57:03 with the control of HIV, recognition of these HLA-B57 allomorphs by the killer cell immunoglobulin-like receptor (KIR) 3 DL1 was compared.

These data illustrate a direct effect of HLA-C expression level on HIV control that cannot be attributed to other HLA loci in linkage disequilibrium with HLA-C and highlight the rich complexity of genetic interactions in human disease.

To investigate the influence of KIR and HLA-C ligands on the risk of pulmonary tuberculosis (PTB), we studied 200 patients who were confirmed to have PTB and 200 healthy controls on the different frequencies of KIR and HLA-C ligands.

HLA-C alleles that bear substitutions in the microRNA binding site are more expressed at the cell surface and associated with the control of HIV-1 viral load, suggesting a role of HLA-C in the presentation of antigenic peptides to CTLs.

We show that the-35 C allele is a proxy for high HLA-C cell surface expression, and that individuals with high-expressing HLA-C alleles progress more slowly to AIDS and control viremia significantly better than individuals with low HLA-C expressing alleles.

KIR genotype distributions and HLA-C allele frequencies were compared in patients and controls and among patients with and without HLA-B27 positivity, early age onset and spinal syndesmophytes.

To further define the role of indirect allorecognition, cardiac allografts from HLA-A2-transgenic (HLA-A2+) C57BL/6 mice were heterotopically transplanted into normal C57BL/6, CD4 T cell-knockout (KO) C57BL/6 mice, CD8 T cell-KO C57BL/6 mice, fully MHC-discordant BALB/c mice (allogeneic control), and HLA-A2+ C57BL/6 mice (syngeneic control).

We adoptively transferred HLA-A2-matched peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) from type 1 diabetic patients and nondiabetic control subjects into transgenic NOD-scid/γc(null)/HLA-A,0201 (NOD-scid/γc(null)/A2) mice.

The potential contribution of HLA-A alleles to viremic control in chronic HIV type 1 (HIV-1) infection has been relatively understudied compared with HLA-B.

In common with HLA-B alleles that are associated with effective control of viremia, HLA-A,7401 presents highly targeted epitopes in several proteins, including Gag, Pol, Rev, and Nef, of which the Gag epitopes appear immunodominant.

In common with HLA-B alleles linked with slow progression, viremic control through an HLA-A,7401-restricted response appears to be associated with the selection of escape mutants within Gag epitopes that reduce viral replicative capacity.

These studies highlight the potentially important contribution of an HLA-A allele to immune control of HIV infection, which may have been concealed by a stronger effect mediated by an HLA-B allele with which it is in linkage disequilibrium.

Thus, while high HLA-C expression may generally facilitate control of HIV-1, Nef may counteract HLA-C-mediated immune control in some individuals indirectly, by manipulating T-cell function and MHC-II antigen presentation.

These results suggest that the capability of HLA-C-licensed NK cells to control HIV-1 replication is determined by the strength of KIR/HLA-C interactions and is thus dependent on both host genetics and the extent of virus-mediated HLA-C downregulation.

Surprisingly, the percentage of TNFalpha+ T cells was also significantly lower in healthy HLA-B27 positive controls (median 7.48 %) than in healthy HLA-B27 negative controls (p=0.

Furthermore, the percentage of IFNgamma+ T cells was lower in patients with AS and in healthy HLA-B27 positive controls than in healthy HLA-B27 negative controls (p=0.

The lower T cell production of TNFalpha and IFNgamma shown at the single cell level in HLA-B27 positive patients with AS and healthy HLA-B27 positive controls may contribute to the increased susceptibility of HLA-B27 positive subjects to develop AS.

HLA-B21, Cw6 and DR53 were increased significantly in patients compared to controls (P = 1.0e-5, 1.0e-5 and P = 0.0053 respectively) while HLA-A19, DR52, were significantly decreased (P = 0.00236, 0.05, respectively).

HLA-B,27-restricted and HLA-B,57-restricted cytotoxic T lymphocytes (CTLs) play a key role in controlling HIV-1 in Caucasians and Africans, whereas it is unclear which CTLs control HIV-1 in Asian countries, where HLA-B,57 and HLA-B,27 are very rare.

The capability of HLA-C and HLA-E to control NK cell killing of HIV-infected autologous T cells coated with anti-gp120 monoclonal antibody was determined by blocking the interaction between the inhibitory receptors on NK cells and the MHC class I molecules on infected cells.

Peptide loading of MHCII in the endosomes of cells is controlled by the interplay of the nonclassical MHCII molecules, HLA-DM (DM) and HLA-DO (DO).

Our analyses in persons of European descent, the largest ethnic group examined, show that the effect of HLA-B alleles on HIV-1 control correlates with the binding strength between corresponding HLA-B allotypes and LILRB2 (p = 10 (- 2)).

Expression of CD137 was monitored on CD8(+) T cells after brief stimulation with the H-Y peptides in FtoM HLA-A0201 HCT recipients (N=29), and control groups (HLA-A0201 MtoM [ N=18], non-HLA-A0201 FtoM [ N=14], and HLA-A0201 female volunteers [ N=25]).

Although one of these epitopes almost exactly overlaps an HLA-B,57-restricted epitope in Gag linked with immune control of HIV, this HLA-A,68:02-restricted Gag-TA10 response imposed only weak selection pressure on the virus and was not associated with significantly lower viral setpoint.

We propose that the relative resistance to Nef-mediated down-regulation by the cytoplasmic domains of HLA-B compared with HLA-A contributes to the better control of HIV-1 infection associated with HLA-B-restricted CTLs.

Among 36 HLA-A2(+) children with diabetes, 29 responded to ZnT8 epitopes, whereas only 3 of 16 HLA-A2(+) control patients and 0 of 17 HLA-A2(-) control patients responded.

The observed association between HLA-B,13 and control of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) infection has been linked to the number of Gag-specific HLA-B,13-restricted cytotoxic T-cell (CTL) responses identified.

We describe an overrepresentation of the HLA-B8 allele (28.44 %) in cervical cancer patients as compared to the MHC class I allele frequency in a local healthy control population (18.8 %) and the identification of an HLA-B8-binding peptide TLHEYMLDL (HPV16 E7(7-15)), which is able to drive HPV16 E7-specific and MHC class I-restricted T-cell responses in peripheral blood lymphocytes from healthy individuals.

Phylogenetic comparisons revealed that the chimpanzee restriction elements, Patr-B,02and-B,03, described here do not show any obvious similarity with the HLA-B,27 and-B,57 alleles, suggesting that CTL responses to HIV-1 in distinct primate species may be controlled by different types of HLA-B-like molecules.

The hTRIM5α sensitivity of viruses from both HLA-B,57-positive (HLA-B,57(+)) and HLA-B,27(+) patients who spontaneously controlled viral replication, but not viruses from viremic patients expressing these alleles, was significantly greater than that of viruses from patients not expressing these protective HLA-B alleles.

Analysis of variable amino acid positions demonstrates that HLA-B position 97 is the most significant association with host control in African Americans (omnibus P = 1.2 × 10 (- 21)) and explains the signal of several HLA-B alleles, including B,57:03.

The MHC class I molecule Mamu-B,17 has been associated with elite control of SIV infection in rhesus macaques, akin to the protective effects described for HLA-B,57 in HIV-infected individuals.

HLA-B57/5801 drives a preferential CD27(+) differentiation of central memory CD8(+) T cells directed against HIV-Gag but not Nef that may contribute to the ability of Gag-specific CD8(+) T cells to better control HIV in HLA-B57/5801 nonprogressors.

The association between HLA-B 2705 and the immune control of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) has previously been linked to the targeting of the HLA-B 2705-restricted Gag epitope KRWIILGLNK (KK10) by CD8(+) T cells.

The HLA-B,5101(+) hemophiliacs whose HIV-1 replication had been controlled for approximately 25 years had HIV-1 possessing the wild-type Pol283-8 sequence or the Pol283-8V mutant, which does not critically affect T-cell recognition, whereas other HLA-B,5101(+) hemophiliacs had HIV-1 with escape mutations in this epitope.

We found that expression of HLA-B57 was associated with exceptional control of HIV during infancy, even when mutations within TW10 and most other B57-restricted epitopes were transmitted, subverting the natural immunodominance of HLA-B57.

These data suggest that the length limitation of naturally processed MHC class I-associated peptides is primarily controlled by peptide availability after antigen processing rather than the binding specificity of MHC class I molecules.

Finally, we show that HLA-B,14:02 is significantly more strongly associated with viremic control than HLA-B,14:01.

These studies demonstrate a surprisingly strong and systemically dominant effect of skeletal muscle MHC expression on maintaining T cell function and pathogen control and argue that the normally low MHC I expression in skeletal muscle is host protective by allowing for pathogen control while preventing immune exhaustion.

Interestingly, a counter selection was observed against the expression of MICA/B in HSP70-overexpressing tumors compared with control tumors in SCID, but not in SCID/beige mice, suggesting a functional relevance of MICA/B expression.

Furthermore, the microsatellite allele consisting of 6 repetitions of GCT/AGC (MICA A6 allele) was present at a significantly higher frequency in the BD patient group than in the control group and a significant fraction of B51-negative patients were positive for this MICA A6 allele.

We found a higher frequency of MICA-129 val/val genotype in patients than in controls (corrected p value = 0.02) that could suggest a tumor escape mechanism because of failure to activate NK cells by MICA-129 val allele or absence of NK cell activation because of absence of MICA-129 met allele in individuals otherwise predisposed to viral/environmental factors.

To investigate the association of MICA with BD, we studied the MICA polymorphism in 108 Korean BD patients and 204 healthy controls in relation to the presence of HLA-B51 and clinical manifestations.

No significant difference between HLA-B27+ patients with AS and healthy controls was found: the MICA-A4 allele was present in more than 90 % of subjects.

On the other hand, in the multibacillary (MB) patients significantly decreased allele frequencies of HLA-B46 (0.04 in MB patients vs 0.129 in controls) and MICA-A5 (0.2 vs 0.38) were observed compared with the healthy controls.

MICA genotyping data in 81 Japanese patients with Takayasu\s arteritis, 38 Japanese patients with Buerger\s disease, and 160 healthy Japanese controls showed that MICA-1.

In order to investigate the influence of the MICB gene, located about 120 kb centromeric of the HLA-B gene, on the susceptibility to BD, (CA/TG) dinucleotide repeat microsatellite polymorphism in intron 1 of the MICB gene was investigated among 77 Japanese patients with BD, 60 randomly selected controls and 28 HLA-B51-positive unrelated healthy controls.

Seventeen HLA-B27-positive Japanese patients with HLA-B27 AAU, 51 Japanese controls, and 20 B27-positive Japanese controls were examined for MICA gene polymorphism within the transmembrane region using polymerase chain reaction (PCR) and subsequent automated fragment detection by fluorescent-based technology.

Furthermore, B27-positive patients with HLA-B27 AAU and B27-positive controls were examined for HLA-B27 subtypes by the PCR-sequence-specific primer method.

To assess the potential contribution of major histocompatibility complex class I chain-related gene A (MICA) polymorphisms toward the pathogenesis of leukemia, 107 leukemia patients and 162 ethnically matched controls from Hunan province, Southern China, were genotyped for the MICA polymorphism using polymerase chain reaction-sequence-specific priming (PCR-SSP) and sequence-based typing (PCR-SBT).

The results of our study emphasize the clinical importance of the MICA/NKG2D axis in CMV control in KTx and point out that the potential MICA transcription in the donor allograft is of clinically relevant importance for CMV immune control in this allogeneic situation.

To explore the association of MICA and MICB polymorphisms with RA in a Han Chinese population in Hainan Island, samples from 172 RA and 137 healthy controls were genotyped for MICA and MICB.

Our results indicated that MICB,002 and MICB,014 were less frequent in RA patients than in controls (P = 0.0, 0.005) while there were higher percentages of RA patients carrying MICA,009 and MICA,A6 (P = 0.005).

Despite the wide range of potential therapeutic applications of MICA manipulation, the factors that control MICA expression are unclear.

The association of three SNPs in the MHC region previously identified as the most associated in high-density genotyping studies was tested in a case-control study on 973 BD patients and 825 controls from Iran, and the association of HLA-B alleles was tested in a subset of 681 patients and 414 controls.

In contrast the continued expression of human MHC antigens in heterokaryons suggests that embryonal carcinoma cells either are devoid of or contain only a very limited amount of trans-acting factors controlling the expression of MHC antigens.

CTL specific for HLA-A2/gag efficiently lysed complex-targeted cells, while control CTL (specific for an HLA-A2.

We show that the-335 to ATG region of the HLA-A11 gene promoter is inactive in JEG-3 and BeWo cells while able to control efficient reporter gene transcription in other cell types, indicating that this region is the target for downregulation of HLA-A expression in choriocarcinoma cell lines.

The identification of TAPBPR as an additional component of the MHC class I antigen-presentation pathway demonstrates that mechanisms controlling MHC class I expression remain incompletely understood.

The frequency of HLA-A29 and HLA-DR9 antigens is higher in T1D with DR compared to T1D without DR and to controls with frequencies of HLA-A29 (59.26 % vs.

Our previous study of polymorphisms in the HLA-class I genes of 71 Japanese SJS/TEN patients with ocular surface complications and 113 Japanese healthy controls showed that in the Japanese, HLA-A,0206 was strongly associated with SJS/ TEN.

Our study reveals that the renowned MHC polymorphism also manifests as transcript diversity, and our novel haplotype-based approach marks a new step toward identification of regulatory variants involved in the control of MHC-associated phenotypes and diseases.

Therefore, we compared and orthogonally validated quantitation of peptide:MHC complexes by radioimmunoassay and flow cytometry using TCR mimic antibodies in three model systems to establish a method to control the experimental input of peptide MHC:complexes for MS analysis.

The Han-MHC database was selected as a population control for HLA-B analysis.

Therefore, other MHC regulators must be present to control HLA-C, HLA-E, and HLA-G expression in these cells.

The loading of peptide Ags onto MHC class I molecules is a highly controlled process in which the MHC class I-dedicated chaperone tapasin is a key player.

In humans, the classical antigen presentation function of major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class I molecules is controlled by the human leukocyte antigen HLA-A, HLA-B and HLA-C loci.

Single nucleotide polymorphisms and microsatellites in the MHC were used to map segments of the 8.1 ancestral haplotype carried by type I diabetic and control subjects expressing either HLA-B8 or DR3, but not both these markers.

Molecular subtyping of B,51x revealed HLA-B,51011 and B,5108 as the predominant suballeles in both patient groups and controls although with a slightly increased frequency of HLA-B,5108 in the diseased individuals.

Linkage analysis of HLA haplotypes, HLA-B27 subtypes, and a 9.2-kb PvuII B7 restriction fragment length polymorphism (RFLP) (shown previously to be associated with peripheral arthritis in ankylosing spondylitis [ AS]) in 115 relatives from 12 multiplex spondyloarthropathy (SNSA) and 2 B27-positive control families showed AS to be linked to HLA-B27 haplotypes.

The class II region of the human major histocompatibility complex (MHC) may encode several genes controlling the processing of endogenous antigen and the presentation of peptide epitopes by MHC class I molecules to cytotoxic T lymphocytes.

Cold target inhibition of cytolysis mediated by these lines indicated that a shared or cross-reactive MHC controlled restriction element other than the known MHC determinants was retained by the EBV-LCL variants.

We aimed to assess the mRNA expression of MHC class 1-related molecules in ankylosing spondylitis (AS) patients vs healthy controls (HCs) and, subsequently, if the absence of HLA-C,07 is associated with genetic susceptibility to axial spondyloarthritis (axSpA).

Here, we analyze MHC genetic variation among 26, 44 lung cancer patients and 20, 836 controls densely genotyped across the MHC, using the Illumina Illumina OncoArray or Illumina 660 W SNP microarray.

We thus sequenced the entire 5-Mb MHC region in 20, 635 individuals of Han Chinese ancestry (10, 689 controls and 9, 946 patients with psoriasis) and constructed a Han-MHC database that includes both variants and HLA gene typing results of high accuracy.

Univariate analysis revealed that cases were more likely to be carriers of HLA-C,01,-C,02,-C,06,-C,12,-B,27,-B,38 and-B,57, whereas controls were more likely to be carriers of HLA-C,03,-C,07,-B,07,-B,51,-DRB1,15 and-DQB1,0602.

This maturation is associated with an increase in lytic activity, as well as an increase in HLA-C protein levels controlled by the NK-specific HLA-C promoter, NK-Pro.

We propose that modulation of the translatability of HLA-C transcripts in NK cells constitutes an evolutionary mechanism to control cis inhibitory signaling by HLA-C, which fine tunes NK cell activity.

Individuals with HLA-C variants with a predominance of immunologically active conformations would display stronger immunity to HIV-1, reduced viral infectivity and effective control of HIV-1 infection, while subjects with HLA-C variants that easily dissociate from β2 microglobulin/peptide would have a reduced immunological response to HIV-1 and produce more infectious virions.

To map specific MHC region variants associated with PBC in a Han Chinese cohort, we imputed HLA antigens and amino acids (AA) in 1126 PBC cases and 1770 healthy control subjects using a Han-MHC reference database.

We characterized evolutionary relationships of representative immune genes (Mhc1 and Tlr2b) and a control gene (ubiquitin, Ubb), using a relatively large and phylogenetically diverse set of species with complete coding sequences (34 orthologous loci for Mhc1, 29 for Tlr2b, and 37 for Ubb).

Our data expand the knowledge about MHC class I regulation and showed for the first time an miRNA-dependent control of MHC class I antigens mediated by the CDS.

Previous studies have shown that the class II MHC transactivator (CIITA), a master regulator that controls class II MHC expression, is targeted by TGF-beta for repression of IFN-gamma-induced class II MHC expression in astrocytes.

Trophoblast cells from all SCNT pregnancies expressed MHC-I, while trophoblast cells from age-matched control pregnancies were negative for MHC-I expression.

The expression of MHC-II, which is controlled mainly at the level of transcription, is strictly dependent upon the binding of the class II transactivator (CIITA) to the highly conserved promoters of all MHC-II genes.

The spontaneous control of human and simian immunodeficiency viruses (HIV/SIV) is typically associated with specific major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class I alleles and efficient CD8(+) T-cell responses, but many controllers maintain viral control despite a nonprotective MHC background and weak CD8(+) T-cell responses.

We show that the promoter IV (pIV) of class II transactivator (CIITA), the master regulator of MHCII expression controls endogenous MHCII expression by LNSCs.

Although the endocytic route leading to MHC-II presentation is characterized to a large extent, the mechanisms controlling DC-SIGN targeted cross-presentation of exogenous peptides on MHC-I, are not completely resolved yet.

We further studied CD8-/-, MHC I-/- and wild type control (WT) C57BL/6J mice to determine the importance of CD8+ T cells and MHC I molecules.

Knowledge of macaque MHC has substantially improved their utility for modeling HIV and could aid in modeling other viruses as well, both in the context of distribution of alleles across treatment groups in vaccine trials and in deciphering mechanisms of immune control of pathogens for which specific MHC alleles demonstrate differential impacts on disease.

Overall, our results suggest that certain protective MHC-I alleles allow superior control of HIV-1 by targeting epitopes where mutations typically incur high fitness costs and small reductions in MHC-I binding affinity.

Association of MHC-I genotypes with HIV/SIV control has been investigated at MHC-I allele levels but not fully at haplotype levels.

In view of this apparent association of HLA-A,1101 with resistance to acquisition of HIV-1 infection, and given the importance of eliciting strong CTL responses to control and eliminate HIV-1, we have determined the crystal structure of HLA-A,1101 complexed with two immunodominant HIV-1 CTL epitopes: the nonamer reverse transcriptase(313-321) (AIFQSSMTK) and decamer Nef(73-82) (QVPLRPMTYK) peptides.

It is speculated that HLA-A(,) 26-restricted HIV-1-specific CTLs can control HIV-1, since HLA-A(,) 26 is associated with a slow progression to AIDS.

Peptide-stimulated cultures were also set up from 8 known seropositive donors with HLA-B35 or B53, and from a control group of volunteers at low-risk of HIV infection with HLA-B35 (12 Gambian and 7 European) and 2 Gambians with HLA-B53.

In addition, HLA-B57 was associated with a lower HCV viral load in the control group and HIV controllers, and conversely, HLA-B35 with higher HCV viral load in HIV controllers.

The HLA-Cw,0303+ B-LCL PAJ and control HLA-Cw3-negative cells B-LCL HAJ and T-LCL 500/C9 were used.

We demonstrate that human MHC with control of HIV-1 viral load share binding motifs with chimpanzee MHC.

To block TCR engagement, Tg mouse strains with monoclonal TCR of irrelevant peptide/MHC specificities, all on MAIDS-susceptible genetic backgrounds, were tested: the study of a panel of TCR Tg CD4 T cells controlled for the possibility of serendipitous crossreactive recognition of virus-associated or induced-self peptide, or superantigen, MHC complexes by a given TCR.

In particular we found variation within the OAS1 (meta-OR = 0.83, 95 % CI: 0.69-1.0) and CCR5 (meta-OR = 1.29, 95 % CI: 1.08-1.53) genes is significantly associated with West Nile virus disease, while variation within MICB (meta-OR = 2.35, 95 % CI: 1.68-3.29), PLCE1 (meta-OR = 0.55, 95 % CI: 0.42-0.71), MBL2 (meta-OR = 1.54, 95 % CI: 1.02-2.31), and IFN-γ (meta-OR = 2.48, 95 % CI: 1.3-4.71), is associated with dengue disease.

The well-known CCR5Δ32 del32 allele, the cell death-related TNF-α-238 A and PDCD1-7209 T alleles, and HCP5 rs2395029 G, a non-coding protein associated with the HLA-B,5701, were found positively associated with the LTNP condition.

Except for the HLA-B,27:05 allele, other genetic markers were associated with slower progression: CCR5wt/Δ32 (P=.

Finally, the HLA-C genotype was related to the risk of metastasis-related death in patients with uveal melanoma: The patients carrying HLA-C alleles encoding ligands for KIR2DL1 and KIR2DL2/3 (HLA-C group 1/group 2 heterozygous patients), both inhibitory NK receptors, had a longer metastasis-free survival than did those carrying HLA-C ligands for either KIR2DL1 (HLA-C group 2 homozygotes) or KIR2DL2/3 (HLA-C group 1 homozygotes).

Thus, mutations which either reduced the stability of MicA-PO(4) or abolished kinase activity in MicB were related to competence derepression under microaerobiosis, suggesting that MicA-PO(4) is involved in competence repression when oxygen becomes limiting.

We examined a sample of 95 type I psoriasis patients and 104 Spanish matched controls to investigate whether HLA-Cw,0602 or other closely related class I loci, such as HLA-B and MICA (which are centromeric to HLA-C), or corneodesmosin gene and octamer transcription factor-3 genes (which are telomeric to HLA-C), might play a part in disease development.

In conclusion, application of high resolution allele typing can accurately understand the distribution regularity and characteristics of HLA-Cw, alleles in China Northern Han population which provides the basis for research related with HLA-Cw, loci.

Information concerning the HLA-A and-B loci was considered in relation to 3796 Amerindians living in 39 places in South America, data related to HLA-C being based on a smaller subset of 2989 persons distributed among 33 localities.

HLA-B8 seems to be related to an acute, inflammatory course of PSS, and HLA-B7/DR2, to rather mild morphea patterns.

Haplotypes HLA-A∗02:07:01-B∗46:01:01-C∗01:02:01-DQA1∗01:01:01-DQB1∗03:03:02-DRB1∗09:01:02, HLA-A∗11:01:01, HLA-A∗24:02:01, and HLA-DPA1∗02:02:02 were found to be related to juvenile-onset MG and HLA-A∗01:01:01, HLA-A∗02:03:01, HLA-C∗03:04:01, and HLA-DQB1∗06:02:01 to adult-onset MG.

A comprehensive analysis of exons 2, 3, 4 and 5 nucleotide diversity at the 8 HLA loci revealed remarkable differences among these gene regions, notably a greater variation concentrated in the antigen recognition sites of class I exons 3 and some class II exons 2, likely associated with their peptide-presentation function, a lower diversity of HLA-C exon 3, possibly related to its role as a KIR ligand, and a peculiar molecular diversity of HLA-A exon 2, revealing demographic signals.

HLA-C,04:01:01 was strongly related with A,02:03, A,02:07, A,11:01, A,33:03, B,13:01, B,15:01, B,15:05, B,15:27, B,40:01, B,54:01 alleles, while HLA-C,04:82 was related with B,40:01.

Linkage disequilibrium (LD) analysis showed that HLA-C,07:06 allele was strongly related with HLA-B,44:03.

Although the immunopathogenic mechanisms are currently unknown, virtual modeling suggests that raltegravir may bind within the antigen binding cleft of the HLA-B,53:01 molecule, but not within the closely related HLA-B,35:01 molecule.

In addition, HLA-B∗15:02 allele was reported to be related to carbamazepine-induced SJS/TEN, and HLA-B∗57:01 in abacavir hypersensitivity and flucloxacillin induced drug-induced liver injury (DILI).

We designed PCR primers to amplify HLA-B,57:01 along with closely related alleles, such as HLA-B,57:03, directly from genomic DNA.

162 patients were included, 58 diagnosed with HLA-B27-related anterior uveitis (cohort HLA-B27+1) and 104 diagnosed with HLA-B27- non related anterior uveitis (cohort HLA-B27-).

Our study demonstrates that HLA-B,35 contributes to the dysregulated expression of selected ER stress, inflammation and proliferation related genes in lcSSc patient PBMCs, as well as healthy individuals, thus supporting a pathogenic role of HLA-B,35 in the development of PAH in SSc patients.

Subgroup analyses revealed that HLA-B51 was not related to genital ulceration in the cases with an ICBD score of 6 or higher and that HLA-B51 tended to more largely affect the risk of three manifestations for men compared to that for women.

The HLA-C⁎12 allele is closely related to the HLA-C⁎06 family of alleles and shares identical sequences.

Activation of CD8+ clones with flucloxacillin was processing-dependent and restricted by HLA-B,57:01 and the closely related HLA-B,58:01.

Further, we show that the mechanism by which HLA-B,52:01 mediates immune protection is, at least in part related to the inability of HIV to evade the HLA-B,52:01-restricted p24 Gag-specific CD8+ T-cell response without incurring a significant loss to viral replicative capacity.

We examined the aNKR ligand profiles HIV p24⁺ HIV iCD4s that maintained cell surface CD4 (iCD4⁺), did not maintain CD4 (iCD4-) and uninfected CD4 (unCD4) T cells for expression of unique long (UL)-16 binding proteins-1 (ULBP-1), ULBP-2/5/6, ULBP-3, major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class 1-related (MIC)-A, MIC-B, CD48, CD80, CD86, CD112, CD155, Intercellular adhesion molecule (ICAM)-1, ICAM-2, HLA-E, HLA-F, HLA-A2, HLA-C, and the ligands to NKp30, NKp44, NKp46, and killer immunoglobulin-like receptor 3 DS1 (KIR3DS1) by flow cytometry on CD4 T cells from 17 HIV-1 seronegative donors activated and infected with HIV.

Major histocompatibility complex(MHC) class I related chain A(MICA) expressed on the cell surface of tumor cells functions as a ligand for natural killer group 2, member D (NKG2D), an important immunoreceptor expressed on natural killer (NK), CD8, and γδT cells.

MHC class I chain- related geneAB(MICA and MICB) are nonclassical human leukocyte antigens that can affect on some diseases and also on transplantation.

ECs express a set of MHC class I-like or structural related molecules such as HLA-E, MHC class I related chain A (MICA) and the endothelial protein C receptor (EPCR) that provide multiple and unique functions to ECs.

enterocolitica specific HLA-B27-restricted CTL used a highly limited set of VB genes with preferential rearrangement of three closely related VB families (VB 13, 14, 17), suggesting that these families contain a preferred site for contact with the HLA-B27 molecule.

HLA-B,57 alleles and the closely related HLA-B,5801 are often grouped together because of their similar peptide-binding motifs and HIV disease outcome associations.

We studied the impact of the 3 amino acid differences between HLA-B,27:05 and the closely related HLA-B,27:02 on the HIV-specific CD8+ T-cell response hierarchy and on immune control of HIV.

We focus here on HLA-B,27:05, one of the best-characterized protective HLA molecules, and the closely related HLA-B,27:02, which differs by only 3 amino acids and which has not been well studied in relation to control of HIV infection.

MIC genes map to the major histocompatibility complex (MHC) and are distantly related to MHC class I genes.

Mill (MHC class I-like located near the leukocyte receptor complex) is a novel family of class I genes identified in mice that is most closely related to the human MICA/B family.

These findings suggest that (i) MICB expression is related to temporary skin inflammation, and (ii) expression of MICB is not directly associated with BD.

Saliva and blood samples were collected from all patients to investigate MSX1, IRF6, PVRL1, MHC class I chain related (MICA), TP73L, MTHFR, TGF-beta3, and RAR alpha genes, within a proposed multinational genetic research project for cleft causation using micro-array and polymerase chain reaction (PCR) methods.

Expression of the MHC class I chain related molecules A and B (MICA/B) on tumor cell surface can signal the immune receptor NKG2D for tumor immune destruction.

MHC class 1-related chain A (MICA) has been reported to be recognized by specific antibodies in the sera of transplanted patients, and it may be a target molecule in allograft rejection.

In response to IFN-alpha, DC are able to express MHC class-I related chain A/B (MICA/B) and activate natural killer (NK) cells following ligation of NKG2D.

However, cytotoxicity (51 Cr release assays) against MHC class I-chain related A (MICA)-and MICA+ tumor targets remained unchanged, as well as the expression of the NKG2D receptor.

The natural cytotoxicity receptors NKp30 and NKp46 are responsible for the delivery of lethal hit to APC, whereas NKG2D-activating receptor, the ligand of the major histocompatibility complex (MHC)-related molecule MICA, and the UL16-binding protein are involved in stromal cell killing.

This study was undertaken with the primary aim of analyzing the clinical relevance of posttransplant appearance of anti-human leukocyte antigen (HLA) and major histocompatibility (MHC) class I related chain A (MICA) antibodies in response to live related donor (LRD) renal transplantation.

However, it has been accepted that, only HLA-B51 is directly related with pathogenesis of the disease, and others have strong linkage disequilibrium with HLA-B51.

Intestinal cells express MHC related molecules termed MICA/MICB, which are up-regulated under stress and in many gastrointestinal tumors.

Interestingly, UL16 interacts with MICB, but not with the closely related MICA, and with UL16-binding proteins (ULBP) ULBP1 and ULBP2, which are only distantly related to MICB, but not with ULPB3 or ULBP4, although all constitute ligands for NKG2D.

Previous studies observed aberrant HLA expression patterns on HNSCC tumour cells and this study focused on the allelic polymorphism of HLA genes and the MHC class I chain related gene A (MICA) and HNSCC.

This finding suggests that an association between MICA-A6 and BD may be a secondary phenomenon related to HLA-B51.

Typically, a common MICA allele has strong LD with several HLA-B alleles, whereas most HLA-B alleles and their related serological groups are associated with a single MICA allele.

MICA and MICB (MHC class I-related chain A and B) are polymorphic genes that encode molecules related to MHC class I and are expressed on epithelial cells in response to stress.

The Major Histocompatibility Complex (MHC) class I chain related (MIC) A and B genes are important additional loci within the MHC.

Particularly in the biologic therapy of cancer, identifiable antigenic T-cell targets restricted by MHC molecules and the related novel stress molecules such as MICA/B and Letal allow a degree of precision previously unknown in cancer therapy.

MHC class I chain related gene A (MICA) is located near the HLA-B gene on the short arm of human chromosome 6.

MHC class I chain related gene A (MICA), a polymorphic and stress-inducible cell surface molecule, is located centromeric to human leukocyte antigen locus B (HLA-B) in the human leukocyte antigen (HLA) region on chromosome 6.

The MHC Class I related (MIC) gene family has been shown to be very polymorphic with 46 different MICA alleles being officially named by the WHO Nomenclature Committee for factors of the HLA system to date.

However, it has not yet been clarified whether the HLA-B51 gene itself is the pathogenic gene related to BD or whether it is some other gene in linkage disequlibrium with HLA-B51.

The MHC class I chain-related (MIC) gene family constitutes an interesting genetic group that is related to major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class I genes and is located within the MHC.

All were typed by polymerase chain reaction-sequence specific primers (PCR-SSP) at HLA-B, DRB1, DQA1, and DQB1 loci and for exon 5 of the MHC class I chain related gene A (MICA).

MHC class I chain-related antigen A (MICA) and MHC class I chain-related antigen B (MICB) are HLA class I related products of polymorphic MHC genes.

To evaluate the distribution of the MHC class I chain related gene A transmembrane (MICA-TM) alleles in Italian patients with Behçet\s disease (BD), and to investigate the relative contribution of MICA alleles and HLA-B51 in the susceptibility and specific clinical features of BD.

The Homo sapiens major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class 1 chain related gene A (MICA) was scanned for novel single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) using a panel of DNA samples from African-, Japanese- and Mexican-Americans.

We examined a sample of the Jewish population to investigate whether HLA-B/C and DR polymorphism is associated with susceptibility, or whether other closely related class I loci, such as the major histocompatibility complex class I chain-related gene A (MICA) and tumor necrosis factor (TNF), might play a role in disease development.

Our results suggest that the MICA 5.1 allele might be a genetic marker related to the early onset of psoriasis and play a secondary role to the HLA-Cw,0602 gene or an unknown causative gene closely linked to HLA-Cw,0602 in the genetic susceptibility to psoriasis.

In this paper we analyze the two regions of about 385 kb and confirm, giving a new line of evidence, that the following two pairs of the genomic segments were duplicated in evolution: (i) a 43-kb genomic segment including the HLA-B gene showing the highest polymorphism among the classical HLA class I loci (class Ia) and a 40-kb segment including the HLA-C locus showing the lowest polymorphism and (ii) a 52-kb segment including the MIC (MHC class I chain related gene) B and a 35-kb segment including MICA.

MICA and the closely related MICB were recognized by intestinal epithelial T cells expressing diverse Vdelta1 gammadelta TCRs.

Non-HLA MHC alleles have also been implicated, although many such studies have been inconsistent, likely due to power issues related to the low number of HLA-B27-negative AS patients examined.

Using data from 130 pediatric renal transplant patients randomized to steroid-free (SF) or steroid-based (SB) immunosuppression in the NIH-SNSO1 trial, we correlated the presence of serum anti-HLA antibodies to donor HLA antigens (donor-specific antibodies) and serum MHC class 1-related chain A (MICA) antibody with both clinical outcomes and histology identified on protocol biopsies at 0, 6, 12, and 24 months.

In this study, we focused on the possible involvement of MICA in liver carcinogenesis related to hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection and examined correlation between the MICA polymorphism and the serum sMICA levels in HBV-induced HCC patients.

The expression levels of major histocompatibility complex class I (MHC I)-related molecules A/B (MICA, MICB), whose corresponding ligand was NKG2D, were detected in target cells by flow cytometry.

A new MICA allele, MICA,061, was identified and appears to be evolutionarily related to MICA,012:01.

Recently our group has reported disease association with MHC-class I related chain-A molecule (MICA), comparing 300 sporadic cases with 300 healthy controls.

MHC class I polypeptide related sequence A (MICA) is an innate immunity protein involved in tumor immunoevasion.

Selected MHC class I genes B-67 and BL3-7 exhibited unexpectedly low variability, even when compared to other camel MHC class I related genes MR1 and MICA.

Pom increased expression of ICAM-1, B7-2 and MHC class I polypeptide related sequence A (MICA) surface expression in the EBV-infected Daudi cells and increased their T-cell activation and susceptibility to NK cells.

MICA/MICB gene polymorphisms are related to several cancers and infectious diseases, but there are no reports on the association between MICA/MICB gene polymorphisms and respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) infection.

Carcinoembryonic antigen cell adhesion molecule 1 (CEACAM1) is an immune-inhibitory protein, while MHC class I chain related protein A (MICA) and B (MICB) have an immune-stimulating function.

BACKGROUND We explored the relationship of interferon-γ (IFN-γ) and MHC class-I chain related gene A (MICA) genes polymorphisms with hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) risk, and tried to determine whether the interaction existed between these two genes polymorphisms on the basis of HCC.

This study aims to observe the expression of MHC-class I chain related protein A (MICA) in oral squamous carcinoma cell and explore its effects on NK cells.

Anti-human leukocyte antigen (HLA) and-MHC class I chain related antigens A (MICA) antibody response after the administration of GT in 29 patients undergoing allogeneic HSCT (n = 27) encompassing 109 sera was investigated by multianalyte microbead assay before and up to 6 month after HSCT.

The ULBPs are GPI-linked glycoproteins belonging to the extended MHC class I family but are only distantly related to MICB.

The strong positive linkage of certain MIC-A and HLA-B alleles may have implications for studies related to MHC-associated diseases and transplantation.

The findings are valuable for future studies of the mechanisms underlying MICB post-transcriptional regulation, the potential role of regulatory region of MICB gene in disease susceptibility in related ethnic groups, and will inform studies of evolution of the MHC gene complex.

The major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class I chain related protein B (MICB) is a member of NKG2D ligands.

and the HLA-A gene arose when exons 1-3 (and intervening introns) were donated to a gene related to the HLA-70 pseudogene by a gene related to HLA-B and-C.

Individual HLA-A or B alleles are more closely related to individual chimpanzee alleles than to other HLA-A or B alleles.

A nucleotide sequence analysis of the two amplicons, tentatively named HLA-COQ and HLA-DEL, rendered them as two novel and seemingly related sequences, both with homology to the gorilla and human major histocompatibility complex (MHC) A locus.

The baboon placenta contains messages encoded by a novel MHC gene, Paan-AG, which is evolutionarily related to the HLA-A locus, but shares unique characteristics with HLA-G.

We have found high evidence that a core component of genetic susceptibility to BD is within the MHC region being primarily related to an HLA-B,51 subtype: HLA-B,5101/B,510101.

The novel allele HLA-A,02:544 has two nucleotide changes from its most closely related allele, HLA-A,02:148.

The association between HLA-B27 and spondyloarthropathy may be related to antigen-presenting specificity, but a different mechanism, presentation of a B27-derived peptide by class II antigens, may contribute to the pathogenesis of acute anterior uveitis, emphasizing the need for a comprehensive understanding of the structure, antigenicity, and function of HLA-B27.

The Second International Simmons Center Conference on HLA-B27-Related Disorders presented a number of new observations related to the molecular biology of the HLA-B27 molecule, its functional biology as a peptide-binding molecule, and the clinical implications of the association of B27 with the spondylarthropathies, as well as new clinical information concerning these diseases.

Analyses with Bw6-specific monoclonal antibodies and a human alloantiserum demonstrate the expression by the HLA-Cw3 molecules of a Bw6 public specificity related to but not identical with that expressed by the HLA-B7 molecules.

The phenotype and gene frequencies for the 18 HLA-A, 34-B, 15-DR and 8-DQ specificities identified and two- and three-locus HF, linkage disequilibrium and related values for HLA-A/B, B/DR, DR/DQ and HLA-A/B/DR and B/DR/DQ were essentially typical of a northern European population.

Interestingly, however, HLA-B35 and-Cw11 were found to relate with negative and/or weak TBII, and HLA-B7 and absence of HLA-Aw19 with negative anti-M.

This accessibility of solid-phase peptides to the binding site of MHC molecules may be directly related to the observed absence of MHC specificity in the binding.

Bioinformatic analysis of the MHC side chains observed to contribute to the peptide anchor specificity, and other specific peptide contacts, reveals HLA alleles associated with long-term nonprogression and a number of related HLA alleles that may share overlapping peptide repertoires with HLA-B,5703 and thus may display a similar capacity for efficient immune control of HIV-1 infection.

Although this novel allele was added to the HLA-B,55 family by the Nomenclature Committee, the next related alleles were found in the HLA-B,56 group.

Because most of the non-B,27 MHC-I molecules associated with AS risk bind a relatively high percentage of peptides with N-terminal basic residues, we hypothesize that the non-epistatic association of ERAP2 with AS might be related to the processing of peptides with these residues, thus affecting the peptidomes of AS-associated MHC-I molecules.

The functional interaction between ERAP1 and HLA-B27 or other MHC-I molecules may be related to the processing of specific epitopes, or to a more general peptide-dependent influence on other biological features of the MHC-I proteins.

The presence of a true susceptibility gene in the vicinity of HLA-B,51 has also been extensively investigated because of the limited evidence that directly relates HLA-B,51 to the pathogenesis of BD.

However, it has not yet been clarified if the HLA-Cw6 and Cw7 genes themselves are the susceptible gene related to this disease or if it is some other non-HLA gene in a linkage disequilibrium with these HLA-C alleles.

For comparison, an MHC class II gene TAP1, not coding for antigen presenting molecules but functionally related to MHC antigen presenting functions was studied.

We anticipate our system will be of use in not only exploring these and other details of TCR-peptide/MHC binding interactions, but also addressing questions about how TCR binding geometry relates to T cell function, as well as modeling structural properties of class I and class II TCR-peptide/MHC complexes from sequence information.

We propose models for the evolutionary history of MHC/TCR/Ig and speculate on the dichotomy between the jawless (lamprey and hagfish) and jawed vertebrate adaptive immune systems, as we found genes related to variable lymphocyte receptors also map to MHC paralogues.

Although it is well-known that particular MHC allelic polymorphisms and haplotypes are genetically relate to immune-mediated diseases detailed information of the cat MHC (Feline Leukocyte Antigen.

Here, we show that, despite there was a correlation between the diversity of MHC DQB alleles with the distribution of organisms, the pattern of diversity found is not completely explained by pathogenic pressure, suggesting that other factors must be investigated for a better understanding of the processes related to the diversity of MHC in cetaceans.

encoded by Zbtb7b), which suppresses the cytolytic program in major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class II-restricted CD4(+) thymocytes and the Runt related transcription factor 3 (Runx3), which counteracts ThPOK in MHC class I restricted precursor cells and promotes the lineage commitment of CD8αβ(+) cytolytic T lymphocytes (CTL).

Furthermore, dimethyl fumarate, an antioxidant used for the treatment of several autoimmune diseases, impairs the IFNγ response by manipulating transcriptional control of MHCII We describe novel pathways and drugs related to oxidative conditions in cells impacting on IFNγ-mediated MHCII expression, which provide a molecular basis for the understanding of MHCII-associated diseases.

IFN-gamma up-regulates MHC class I expression and antigen processing and presentation on cells, since IFN-gamma can induce multiple gene expressions that are related to MHC class I antigen processing and presentation.

The class I molecule HLA-B,57 has been identified as one restriction element overrepresented in SP groups studied, and, together with the closely related molecule HLA-B,58, occurs commonly in ethnic groups where HIV is most prevalent.

HLA-B63, the serological marker for the closely related HLA-B,1516 and HLA-B,1517 alleles, shares the epitope binding motif of HLA-B57 and HLA-B58, two alleles that have been associated with slow HIV disease progression.

Expression of HLA-B,57 and the closely related HLA-B,58:01 are associated with prolonged survival after HIV-1 infection.

The observed similarity across species of major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class II binding motifs and the conservation of Th peptides between related viruses should allow easier targeting of Th epitope regions in less well characterized pathogens and/or in species whose MHC class II molecules are poorly defined.

Since immunogenic ligand of MHC is closely related with autoimmunity, inflammatory diseases, and cancer, comprehensive analysis of MHC ligands (the so-called Ligandome) is essential to unveil disease pathogenesis.

The human NKG2D ligands (MICA and MICB) are induced in allografts during acute and chronic rejection, and the presence of anti-MICA antibodies is correlated with a higher incidence of rejection.

Twenty-seven patients (60 %) had donor-specific HLA-C antibodies, significantly less than the donor-specific antibodies induced by HLA-A and HLA-B mismatches.

HLA-B-restricted epitopes also induced responses of higher magnitude than did either HLA-A- or HLA-C-restricted epitopes, although this comparison only reached statistical significance for EBV epitopes.

Due to genetic differences at population level, drug hypersensitivity reactions are varied, and thus common pharmacogenetics markers for one country might be different from another country, for instance, HLA-A,31:01 is associated with carbamazepine (CBZ)-induced SCARs in European and Japanese while HLA-B,15:02 is associated with CBZ-induced Stevens-Johnson syndrome/toxic epidermal necrolysis (SJS/TEN) among Taiwanese and Southeast Asian.

An association betweenHLA-B,51:01 and HLA-C,14:02 and PHT induced DRESS and HLA-B,38:02 and PHT induced SJS-TEN has been demonstrated in Thai children.

We hypothesized that the cell wall inhibitor micafungin (MICA) induces apoptosis in both MICA-susceptible (MICA-S) and MICA-non-susceptible (MICA-NS) Candida parapsilosis.

Among five peptides derived from HIF-1α, which were prepared based on the binding motif to the HLA-A24 allele, a HIF-1α278-287 peptide induced peptide-specific CTLs from peripheral blood mononuclear cells of HLA-A24+ RCC patients most effectively.

The importance of HLA-B,15:02 genotyping to avoid carbamazepine induced SJS/TEN and molecular modeling to predict the role of HLA-B,15:0 and AEDs induced SJS/TEN are investigated.

Computational modeling of the HLA-B,15:02 followed by docking studies were performed to screen 26 AEDs that may induce ADR among HLA-B,15:02 carriers.

Similar CTL activity against HLA-A,0201-positive targets was induced when T cells were cocultured with fusions of DC and HLA-A,0201-negative allogeneic BT20 breast cancer cells.

We investigated the ability of allogeneic melanoma cells sharing HLA-A antigens to sensitize melanoma patients\ lymphocytes to induce HLA-A-restricted CTL to autologous melanoma.

Preincubation of the HLA-A2 negative melanoma cell lines with alpha- or gamma-interferon did not induce the re-expression of the HLA-A2 antigen.

Peripheral blood lymphocytes derived from healthy individuals showed low reactivity towards allopeptides, indicating that sensitization towards HLA-A2 induced response towards HLA-A2 derived peptides.

In an HLA-A2 patient this was induced in vitro with the peptide p18-27, previously described as an HLA-A2-restricted T cell epitope.

Likewise, cytotoxicity of HLA-A2 reactive effector cells was induced proportionate to availability of HLA-A2.

For induction of major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class I-specific tolerance, long-term exposure to seminal fluid, which contains paternal soluble MHC class I antigens, may induce paternal MHC class I-specific tolerance.

In this study, we found that the crosslinking of MHC-II induced intracellular Ca2+ mobilization, which was necessary for crosslinking-induced MHC-II endocytosis.

Our results indicate that the crosslinking of MHC-II could stimulate Ca2+ mobilization and induce the clathrin-dependent endocytosis of MHC-II in murine DCs.

Immunization with the chimeric protein BLS-MICA constitutes a useful way to actively induce therapeutic anti-MICA pAb that resulted in a reprogramming of the antitumor immune response towards an antitumoral/proinflammatory phenotype.

Furthermore, MICA immune complexes preformed with an α3 domain-specific antibody (containing a wild-type Fc) induced IFN-γ and TNF-α secretion by NK cells in the absence of cancer cells, whereas MICA immune complexes preformed with the Fc effectorless antibody failed to induce IFN-γ and TNF-α secretion.

The binding of peptides to MHC class I molecules induces MHC/peptide complexes that have specific conformational features.

Thereafter, antigen-derived peptides which we reported to induce cancer-reactive CTLs from HLA-A24+ patients with various types of cancer were examined for their potential to induce CTLs from peripheral-blood mononuclear cells of HLA-A24+ BC patients.

Twenty-nine SART3-derived peptides that were prepared based on the binding motif to the HLA-A3 supertype alleles (HLA-A11,-A31, and-A33) were first screened for their recognizability by immunoglobulin G (IgG) of prostate cancer patients and subsequently for the potential to induce peptide-specific cytotoxic T lymphocytes (CTLs) from HLA-A3 supertype(+) prostate cancer patients.

In this study, we show that newly identified human HLA-A2 epitopes from MV hemagglutinin (H) and fusion (F) proteins induced protective immunity in HLA-A2 transgenic mice challenged with recombinant vaccinia viruses expressing F or H protein.

Peptides containing the epitopes showed high affinity to bind HLA-A,2402 in a major histocompatibility complex binding assay and were able to induce hTERT-specific CTLs in both hTERT cDNA-immunized HLA-A,2402/Kb transgenic mice and patients with HCC.

In contrast to mHER-2(9(435)), vaccination of HLA-A,0201 transgenic (HHD) mice with hHER-2(9(435)) significantly increased the frequency of mHER-2(9(435))-specific CTL and also induced strong protective and therapeutic immunity against the transplantable ALC tumor cell line transfected to coexpress HLA-A,0201 and hHER-2/neu or rHER-2/neu.

Among four different PTHrP peptides carrying the HLA-A24 binding motif, both the PTHrP(36-44) and PTHrP(102-111) peptides efficiently induced peptide-specific cytotoxic T lymphocytes from peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) of HLA-A24(+) prostate cancer patients.

Seven peptides possessing the ability to induce HLA-A31-restricted and tumor-reactive CTLs were examined for their ability to induce HLA-A3-,-A11-, and-A33-restricted and tumor-reactive CTLs from peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) of 18 epithelial cancer patients.

One RLI- or KIAA0036-derived peptide induced tumor-reactive CTLs in PBMCs of HLA-A3(+) and-A11(+) or HLA-A11(+) and-A33(+) cancer patients also with various frequencies (22-67 %), respectively, whereas the other peptide induced CTL activity in only HLA-A33(+) patients.

We identified a novel HLA-A24-restricted NY-ESO-1-derived epitope peptide (LLMWITQCF) that could induce specific CTLs from the peripheral blood mononuclear cells of HLA-A24(+) healthy donors.

These variants of Nef(180-189) sequence display slightly different HLA-A2 binding capacities and stabilities and we have shown that only two induced a strong CTL response in vivo in HLA-A2 transgenic mice after a single injection.

Immunization of these HLA-A2402/K(b)-transgenic mice with various known HLA-A24-restricted immunodominant cancer CTL epitope peptides derived from gp100, MAGE-1, MAGE-3, Her2/neu, CEA and TERT induced HLA-A24-restricted, peptide-specific CTLs.

Here, two recombinant tubular structures, NS1-Mela 1 and NS1-Mela 2, carrying, respectively two HLA-A2 epitopes derived from human melanoma antigens were constructed and their capability to induce CTL responses in vivo were studied in HLA-A2 transgenic mice.

Among 5 peptides derived from EpoR, which were prepared based on the binding motif to the HLA-A24 allele, EpoR52-60 peptide had the potential to induce peptide-specific CTLs from peripheral blood mononuclear cells of HLA-A24(+) RCC patients.

This study aimed to identify HLA-A2(+) immunogenic peptides from the CS1 antigen, which induce peptide-specific cytotoxic T lymphocytes (CTL) against HLA-A2(+) MM cells.

Four out of the twenty-five 9-mer peptides tested: peptides 3 (F33-41), 13 (F214-222), 14 (F273-281), and 23 (F559-567), were found to bind to HLA-A,0201 with moderate to high affinity and were capable of inducing IFN-γ and IL-2 secretion in lymphocytes from HLA-A,0201 transgenic (HLA-Tg) mice pre-immunized with RSV or recombinant adenovirus expressing RSV F.

To facilitate the development of a peptide-based cancer vaccine for prostate cancer patients, we examined whether any of the 13 peptides previously reported to induce HLA-class I-restricted cytotoxic T lymphocyte (CTL) activity in HLA-A3 supertype (- A3,-A11,-A31 and-A33)-positive prostate cancer patients are also capable of inducing CTLs restricted to HLA-A2, HLA-A24 or HLA-A26 alleles.

Among the 13 peptides tested, a peptide at positions 309 to 318 of β-tubulin 5 exhibited binding activity to the HLA-A(,) 2402 molecule and induced HLA-A24-restricted CTL activity against prostate cancer cells derived from peripheral blood mononuclear cells of prostate cancer patients.

In addition, one peptide with HLA-A24-binding activity could bind to HLA-A,2601 and induced HLA-A26-restricted cytotoxic T lymphocytes from HLA-A,2601-,-A,2602-, or-A,2603-positive prostate cancer patients against HLA-A,2603-positive cancer cells.

The identified immunogenic HLA-A24-specific XBP1 unspliced (UN) 185-193 (I S P W I L A V L), XBP1 spliced (SP) 223-231 (V Y P E G P S S L), CD138265-273 (I F A V C L V G F) and CS1240-248 (L F V L G L F L W) peptides induced antigen-specific CTL with anti-MM activity in an HLA-A24 restricted manner.

Among 5 peptides derived from PD-L1, which were prepared based on the binding motif to the HLA-A24(+) allele, both PD-L1(11-19) and PD-L1(41-50) peptides induced peptide-specific CTLs from peripheral blood mononuclear cells of HLA-A24(+) RCC patients.

Five EZH2-derived peptides that were prepared based on the binding motif to the HLA-A3 supertype alleles (HLA-A11,-A31, and-A33) were functionally screened for their potential to induce peptide-specific CTLs from peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) of HLA-A3 supertype allele(+) prostate cancer patients.

In contrast, KF11 presented by HLA-B,5703 induces an entirely different, more heterogeneous TCR beta-chain repertoire that fails to recognize specific KF11 escape variants which frequently arise in clade C-infected HLA-B,5703(+) individuals.

In this study, we focused on HLA-B,57:01 and abacavir (ABC)-induced immune-mediated IDT, and constructed transgenic mice carrying chimeric HLA-B,57:01 (B,57:01-Tg) to determine if this in vivo model may be useful for evaluating immune-mediated IDT.

P15 could significantly enhance the expression of HLA-A,0201 molecules on the T2 cell surface, stimulate IFN-gamma-producing CTLs from the PBMCs of former SARS patients, and induce specific CTLs from P15-immunized HLA-A2.

In an autologous setting, the HLA-A2+ ihv-DCs that present hTERT antigen prime autologous T cells to generate hTERT-specific CTLs inducing cytolysis of hTERT-expressing target cells in an HLA-A2-restricted manner.

The ihv-DCs, which are engineered to express MAGEA3 and high levels of 4-1 BBL and MICA induce simultaneous production of both HLA-A2-restricted, MAGEA3-specific CTLs and NK cells from HLA-A2+ donor peripheral blood mononuclear cells.

In addition to the HLA antigens, which elicit a strong immune response against allografted organs, the MICA antigens may be recognized as foreign and induce the production of MICA-specific antibodies.

Cytolysis was triggered by NKG2D recognition of stress-inducible class I major histocompatibility complex (MHC)-like ligands on macrophages: high doses of LPS induced transcription and surface expression of ULBP1, ULBP2, and ULBP3 and surface expression of constitutively transcribed MICA.

These data suggested that immunization against mismatched MICA alleles induces development of anti-MICA antibodies.

To confirm whether human MHC class I chain-related A (MICA) induces the amplification of V delta 1 gamma delta tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes (TILs) in vitro and to identify the cytotoxicity of MICA-reactive V delta 1 gamma delta TILs towards epithelial tumor cells.

Alternatively, MHC class I-related chain A and B (MICA/B), ligands for NKG2D activating receptor, were found to be induced on DCs upon IFN-alpha stimulation and to be responsible for the NK activation because mAb-mediated masking of MICA/B as well as inhibition of direct cell-to-cell contact using transwell insert completely abolished DC-dependent NK cell activation by IFN-alpha.

In addition to the human leukocyte antigen antigens, which elicit a strong immune response, the polymorphic MICA antigens induce production of MICA antibodies and sMICA.

We recently reported that a single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) rs2596542 located in the MICA promoter region was significantly associated with the risk for hepatitis C virus (HCV)-induced hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) and also with serum levels of soluble MICA (sMICA).

MHC class I polypeptide-related chain A (MICA) molecule is induced in response to viral infection, various types of stress, such as endoplasmic reticulum stress, and ischemia or/and reperfusion, by which MICA was shed from the cell surface into the extracellular domain, generating a soluble form (sMICA).

In conclusion, the activation of NF-κB can up-regulate the expression of MICA and induce the expression of MMP-9, which hydrolyzes MICA into sMICA to promote tumor immune escape.

IR induced an increase in expression of MICA/MICB in MCF7 cells and SFN induced MICA/MICB expression in A549 and MDA-MB-231 cells.

Although lysine at amino acid position 80 (Lys80) and aspartic acid at position 136 (Asp136) were associated negatively with cervical cancer, only MICB carrying Asp136 could induce NK cell killing more efficiently than MICB-Lys80 when the NK cells were blocked by anti-NKG2D.

Since H-2K(d) and HLA-A2402 molecules have similar anchor motifs, the possibility of inducing HER2-specific CTL activity with HER2p780 in HLA-A2402 individuals was examined.

We screened peptides derived from the HPV-16 E7 protein for binding to HLA-A2 and tested their potential to induce specific CTL responses in chimeric HLA-A2/H2-Kb transgenic mice.

Therefore the peptide 86-93, which binds to HLA-A2, is able to induce CTL responses in context of HLA-A2, but the peptide appears not to be processed or presented by HPV type 16 infected cells.

We identified HLA-A,0201-binding peptides and a naturally processed and presented T-cell epitope capable of inducing CYP1B1-specific cytotoxic T lymphocytes (CTLs) in HLA-A2 transgenic mice.

In the present study, the immunogenicity of 9 HLA-A,0201-binding peptides encoded by HPV16 E6 and E7 was analyzed in vivo in HLA-A,0201Kb transgenic mice and in vitro in CTL cultures induced from PBMC of HLA-A,0201+ healthy donors.

Previously, we identified an HLA-A2-restricted GPC3(144-152) (FVGEFFTDV) peptide that can induce GPC3-reactive CTLs without inducing autoimmunity in HLA-A2 transgenic mice.

Forty human IMP-3-derived peptides predicted to bind to HLA-A2 were analyzed to determine their capacity to induce HLA-A2-restricted T cells in HLA-A2.

Twenty-three human FOXM1-derived peptides predicted to bind to HLA-A2 were analyzed to determine their ability to induce HLA-A2-restricted T cells in HLA-A2 transgenic mice.

The animals vaccinated with HLA-A2 restricted HBc(18-27) or HBs(183-191) epitope peptide vaccine induced effective HLA-A2 restricted peptide-specific cytolytic T lymphocyte responses.

1 transgenic mice to identify the HLA-A2 (A,0201)-restricted CDCA1 epitopes recognized by mouse CTL, and we investigated whether these peptides could induce CDCA1-reactive CTLs from the peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) of HLA-A2-positive donors and a NSCLC patient.

In HLA-A2(+) donors, in vitro stimulation of PBMC with these peptides could induce peptide-reactive CTLs which killed tumor cell lines endogenously expressing both HLA-A2 and CDCA1.

DOM-peptide vaccines, each encoding a different WT1-derived, HLA-A2-restricted epitope induced cytotoxic T lymphocytes (CTLs) in humanized transgenic mice expressing chimeric HLA-A2, without affecting hematopoietic stem cells.

These peptides actually bound to HLA-A24 in the stabilization assay using T2-A,2402 cells, and induced a strong peptide-reactive cytotoxic T lymphocyte response in HLA-A24 transgenic mice after vaccination.

Therefore, in this study, human leukocyte antigen A,0201 (HLA-A,0201)-restricted human CTL epitopes of HPV-16 E5 protein were identified using a bioinformatics approach, and the abilities of these predicted peptides to induce an immune response in HLA-A,0201 transgenic mice were confirmed by assaying E5-specific CTLs and in vitro-generated CTLs from normal peripheral blood T lymphocytes of HLA-A2-positive human donors.

Moreover, in vitro incubation of lymphocytes from HLA-A,0201+ healthy donors and HLA-A,0201+CEA+ cancer patients with CEA+/HS-Exo-pulsed autologous dendritic cells induces HLA-A,0201-restricted and CEA-specific CTL response.

A newly identified HER-2(905) peptide epitope is naturally processed and presented as a CTL epitope on HER-2 overexpressing tumor cells, and an MHC anchor-substituted analog, HER-2(905AA), can efficiently induce HER-2-specific, HLA-A24 restricted CTLs.

polystyrene beads loaded with antibodies specific for HLA-A2 and ICAM-1 induced the accumulation of membrane rafts, and beads loaded with ICAM-1-specific antibodies caused the selective recruitment of HLA-A2 MHC-I at the contact area of the target cells.

Moreover, injecting macaques with DNA encoding a specific macaque allogeneic MHC induced anti-allogeneic MHC antibodies production.

These studies show that DNA immunization with MHC-encoding vectors can indeed be used to induce specific anti-human xenogeneic, as well as anti-macaque allogeneic MHC immunity in non-human primates.

In 3 cell lines, expression of some HLA-B alleles could not be induced by IFN-alpha or-gamma: HLA-B44 in cell line 92-1, HLA-B15 in cell line OCM-1 and HLA-B5 in cell line MEL-202.

In OMM-1 cells, IFN-alpha and-gamma increased the expression of HLA-A but did not induce expression of the 2 B alleles, indicating an HLA-B locus-specific loss.

We show that the HLA-A promoter activity cannot be induced by interferon-gamma (IFN-gamma) and that exogenous MHC class II transactivator CIITA is able to induce HLA class I promoter activity in these cells.

All peptides showed similar affinity for HLA-A11 molecules and were recognized by IVT-specific CTL clones, but induced HLA-A11 complexes at the cell surface with different lifespan.

Although all four HLA allotypes of the MCF-7 cells (HLA-A,02:01, B,18, B,44, and C,5) present peptides of similar lengths and C-termini, which should be processed similarly by the proteasome and by the APP chaperones, the IFNs induced differential modulation of the HLA-A, B, and C peptidomes.

In conclusion, we identified several significant genetic risk factors for the first time in the Spanish Caucasian population: HLA-A,02:01/Cw,15:02 combination as a risk factor for PHT-induced SJS/TEN, HLA-B,38:01 for LTG- and PHT- induced SJS/TEN, HLA-A,11:01 for CBZ-induced SJS/TEN, and HLA-A,24:02 for LTG- and PHT- induced DRESS.

Vitiligo risk associated with the MHC class I region thus derives from combined quantitative and qualitative phenomena: a SNP haplotype in a transcriptional regulator that induces gain-of-function, elevating expression of HLA-A RNA in vivo, in strong linkage disequilibrium with an HLA-A allele that confers, 2 : 1 specificity.

The HLA-B,3501 affinity of peptides correlated with their ability to induce CTL in HLA-B,3501 transgenic mice.

The cytolytic responses of either normal (non transgenic), HLA-B7 (single transgenic) or HLA-B7 x human beta 2 microglobulin (double transgenic) DBA/2 mice induced by transfected HLA-Cw3 P815 (H-2d) mouse mastocytoma cells were compared, to evaluate whether the expression of an HLA class I molecule in responder mice would favor the emergence of HLA-specific, H-2-unrestricted CTL.

Neither free cysteine in solution nor an exposed cysteine on a class II MHC molecule can be alkylated, showing that specific recognition between the anchor side-chain pocket of an MHC class I protein and the designed ligand (propinquity) is necessary to induce the selective covalent reaction with the MHC class I molecule.

Significantly, the formation of HLA-B27 homodimers in transfected KG-1 cells is induced by maturation, with a transient induction also seen in LPS-stimulated human monocyte-derived dendritic cells expressing HLA-B27.

The transmission of HIV-1 from mother to child during pregnancy is unlike other types of HIV-1 transmission because the child shares major histocompatibility complex (MHC) genes with the mother during a time while the mother is induced to tolerate the paternally derived fetal MHC molecules, in part through natural killer (NK) recognition of MHC polymorphisms.

Key examples have included the associations of HLA-B,15:02 and carbamazepine induced SJS/TEN in Southeast Asian populations and HLA-B,57:01 and abacavir hypersensitivity.

A highly calibrated maturation enables NK cells to eliminate target cells with lowered or absent MHC-I or induced MHC-I-related molecules while maintaining their tolerance toward self-MHC.

During demyelinating disease of the central nervous system (CNS), locally elevated cytokine levels may induce upregulation of MHC class II molecules on otherwise low expressing or negative cell types such as microglia and astrocytes, since IFN-gamma has been shown to induce MHC class II expression on these cell types in vitro.

Furthermore, MHC-I-incompatible conceptuses, particularly the heterozygous-incompatible ones induced a more pronounced lymphocytic infiltration than MHC-I-compatible conceptuses.

Here, we investigated how epithelial MHCII expression is induced and how a deficiency in inducible epithelial MHCII expression alters susceptibility to colitis and the outcome of colon-specific immune responses.

Furthermore, when we immunized (MHC-I-K(d)-Tg × CS-Tg) F1 mice with IrPySpz after crossing MHC-I-K(d)-Tg mice with PyCS-transgenic mice (CS-Tg), which are unable to mount PyCS-specific immunity, we found that IrPySpz immunization failed to induce protective antimalaria immunity in (MHC-I-K(d)-Tg × CS-Tg) F1 mice, thus indicating the absence of PyCS antigen-dependent immunity in these mice.

Using both in vitro and in vivo systems, we show successful relative quantitation of MHC-I ligands using TMT-based multiplexing and demonstrate that doxorubicin induces MHC-I peptide ligands that are largely derived from mitotic progression and cell-cycle proteins.

Fifty-three HLA-A,2402-binding HIV-1 peptides were used to induce specific CTL in PBL of four HIV-1-infected individuals carrying HLA-A24.

Seven peptides were suggested as HIV-1 CTL epitopes presented by HLA-B,5101 because the specific CTL was induced for these peptides in PBMC from three HIV-1 seropositive individuals carrying HLA-B51 by stimulation with HLA-B,5101 binding peptides.

HIV-1 peptide-specific HLA-B,3501-restricted CTL was induced in PBL of HIV-1 infected donors by in vitro stimulation with 11 out of 27 HLA-B,3501-binding HIV-1 peptides.

Both MHCI protein and mRNA are induced in thymocytes from HIV-1-infected Thy/Liv organs, indicating induction of MHCI gene expression.

Major histocompatibility complex class II molecules (MHC-II), which are expressed in macrophages and activated T cells, have been previously reported to induce the formation of multilaminar and multivesicular endocytic MHC-II-like structures analogous to MVB upon their expression in HEK 293 cells.

Moreover, ZIKV infection was able to increase the expression on A549 cells of NKG2D ligands (NKG2DLs), namely MICA, MICB, and ULBP2, at both the mRNA and protein levels, suggesting the possible involvement of these molecules in the recognition by NKG2D-expressing Vδ2 T-cells.

When alternatives have failed or are unavailable, HLA-A,31:01 testing can alert clinicians to 1) patients who are at increased risk of CBZ hypersensitivity who can then be targeted for more intensive monitoring and 2) increase diagnostic certainty in cases where hypersensitivity has already occurred, so patients can be advised to avoid structurally related drugs in the future.

ZNRD1-AS1 was shown to increase a few cis-genes such as HLA-A, HCG9, and PPP1R11 that were also regulated by CAP.

The HLA-B,15:02 allele is associated with an increased risk of developing carbamazepine (CBZ)-induced Stevens-Johnson syndrome (SJS) and toxic epidermal necrolysis (TEN).

Despite their general inhibitory effect on HLA class I expression, all proteasome inhibitors tested enhanced the presentation of 2 subdominant HLA-A2 epitopes from EBV LMP1 and LMP2, while the presentation of the immunodominant HLA-A11-restricted epitope from EBNA4 was inhibited by MG132 and lactacystin and increased by ZL(3) VS.

The expression level of RT1A molecule of MHC class I was increased 3 times in Zajdela hepatoma cells implanted into Brattleboro rats as compared to WAG rats.

More importantly, the detection of immune-related proteins after genome editing shows that the significantly enhanced Fas, CD80, MICA, MICB, and HLA-1 expression and decreased CD47 and MUC1 expression, indicating the genome editing is favorable for reversal of tumor-induced immunosuppression and prevention of tumor development.

Mechanistic studies showed a significant increase in regulatory CD4+ T cell markers and a significant decrease in interleukin-17A-producing CD8+ T cells indicating a distinct mechanism of action of the study drug.

sHLA-G levels were correlated with sHLA-A,-B,-C levels, the decrease of plasma HIV-RNA level, the increase of CD4+ T-lymphocyte number and the decrease of CD8+ T-lymphocyte number.

In addition, PBLs increased the number of CD3+CD4+ cells in the peripheral blood and the ratio of CD4+/CD8+ cells while decreasing the number of CD3+CD8+ cells.

The CD8 T\240\cells decreased more significantly than CD4 T\240\cells in patients with aggravation of interstitial lung disease.

Moreover, while CD8+ TRM cells gradually decreased over time and were eventually lost from the healed skin at 40-51 weeks after the resolution of CHS, the CD4+ TRM cell numbers remained elevated during this period.

Nevertheless, antileishmanial therapy caused an increase of CD4+CD25+FoxP3+ T cells in all tissues, associated with the decrease of CD8+CD25-FoxP3- T cell percentages.

The induction of this broad signaling activity in CD8+ T cells coincides with a transcriptional activity of suppressors of cytokine signaling genes, which are decreased significantly in comparison with CD4+ T cells.

9 %) of CD30 expression in CD4(+) cells in a group of patients with Graves\ disease (GD) in remission compared to the patients with intractable GD and a decrease in the intensity of CD30 expression on CD8(+) cells from patients with severe Hashimoto\s disease (HD) treated for hypothyroidism compared to patients with untreated and euthyroid HD.

These patients had a relatively slight decrease in CD4+ T cells but a severe decrease in CD8+ T cells.

Anti-PD-1, but not anti-CTLA-4, mAb-treatment increased proliferation of CD8+ T cells and decreased apoptosis of CD4+ and CD8+ T cells.

Ex vivo expansion of CD8+ T cells resulted in progressive differentiation marked by distinct populations expressing decreased CD45RA, CCR7, CD127, and increased inhibitory receptors.

Thus, an increased content of CD8 and a decreased CD4/CD8 ratio are each favorable prognosis markers in IgG nonresponders treated with a personalized peptide vaccination.

rtIL-21 maintained the expression of CD8α, CD8β, and IgM at a late stage of stimulation when their expression was significantly decreased in controls and increased the expression of the Th cell markers CD4, T-bet, and GATA3.

Furthermore, tumors in mice receiving IL-12 complex coacervate treatment displayed increased infiltration by natural killer (NK) cells and CD8α+ T cells, and a decreased presence of CD4+Foxp3+ regulatory T cells.

KPF treatment prevented the cold stress-induced decrease in blood CD4+T cells and decrease CD8+T cells levels in mice.

CD8+ T cells increased on day 29 compared with baseline in most patients, resulting in remarkably decreased CD4/8 ratios.

However, elderly tumor-bearing mice demonstrated reduced MHC-I, MHC-II and CD80 on CD11c+ cells, and decreased IFN-γ by CD8+ and CD4+ T cells within tumors, compared to young counterparts, implying loss of function.

CD8+ T cells were not only fewer in numbers but also had decreased expression of the migration-related receptors CD44 and CD62L in the thymus and spleens of IL-23p19-deficient versus wild-type mice.

By affecting the function of CD4+ T-cells and antigen presenting cells that are required for proper CD8+ T-cell maturation, HIV is able to decrease the circulating pool of effector and memory CD8+ T-cells that are able to combat viral infection.

Furthermore, patients CD3+ cells and CD4+ cells, as well as the CD4+/CD8+ ratio, were significantly decreased (p less than 0.01, p less than 0.001 and p less than 0.001, respectively), while CD8+ cells and CD16+ cells were within normal limits.

Here, we show that while the CD8+ T cell subset is not affected, IBDV infection decreases the percentage of CD4+ T cells in the cecal tonsil (CT), but not in esophagus tonsil, pylorus tonsil, and Meckel\s diverticulum of GALTs, in contrast to BF and spleen, in which the proportion of CD4+ cells increases upon IBDV infection.

There was also a substantive increase in relative counts of memory phenotype CD8+ T cells (approximately threefold) within CD8+ T cells but a significant decrease (approximately 30 %) in relative counts of Treg cells within CD4+ T cells.

Subsequent flow cytometry of the immune cell composition of lung tissue samples revealed an increase of cytotoxic CD8+ T cells and a decrease of CD4+ T-helper cells as well as an increase in mature macrophages in response to tumor cell EV.

After long-term exposure to inject exosomes from MKN-45 cells, mice developed an immunosuppressive tumor microenvironment in the lung with increased frequency of effector memory CD4+ T and MDSC decreased CD8+ T cell and NK frequency.

White blood count (WBC) and lymphocyte count (ALC) were greatly decreased at the end of radiotherapy, and the percentages of CD3+, CD3+CD8+ T cells were significantly increased, on the other hand, a decrease in the CD4/CD8 ratio was observed.

These CD4(+) T cells showed a markedly skewed phenotype, however, as there were decreased levels of memory cells in CD8(+) lymphocyte-depleted macaques compared to controls.

Desiccating stress increased CD4+ and CCR5+ cells and decreased CD8+ cells in the conjunctival epithelium and lacrimal gland.

In most cases, the fall of CD8 accompanied the decrease of CD4 and CD19 (patients-n masculine 7 and 8).

5-HT did not cause significant alterations of the activation profile of CD4+ and CD8+ T cells, in terms of CD4, CCR5, CD25, CD69 and HLA-DR expression, although it decreased the percentage of CD38+CD8+ T cells.

There was little difference in the frequency of total MAITs between healthy donors (HDs) and untreated MS patients, whereas the latter harbored more CD8(lo/neg) (DN) MAITs concomitant with a decrease in CD8(high) MAITs and in CD4 MAITs compared with those in HDs.

Phenotypical analysis of CD45+ CD3+ T cells indicated that the major contributing phenotype to this influx is a CD4 and CD8 double-negative T cell (DNT) subtype, while CD4+ T cells decreased and CD8+ T cells remained unchanged.

The percentage of naive CD4(+) T (0.386) and naive CD8(+) T cells (0.271) were decreased while the percentage of terminally differentiated effector memory CD8(+) T cells (0.377) and transitional B cells (0.223) were increased.

Partial depletion of CD4 cells resulted in faster growth of a recurring tumor in the tongue, faster loss of body weight, and decreased number of CD8a-positive cells in the tumor.

When conducting a retrospective assessment, it was found that in the group of patients whose pregnancy ended in preterm delivery, the percentage of CD4+ Tem memory cells was significantly higher and CD4+ Tn lower than in the subgroup with timely delivery (p = 0.013 and p = 0.025, respectively) In patients with early spontaneous miscarriage, the level of CD8+ Tn significantly decreased against the background of the growth of CD8+ Tem memory cells compared with the same parameters in patients with timely delivery (p = 0.04 and p = 0.014, respectively).

Treating mice bearing ID8 Trp53-/- ovarian cancer with HDAC6i/DNMTi led to an increase in tumor-killing cells such as IFNg+ CD8, NK, and NKT cells and a reversal of the immunosuppressive tumor microenvironment with a decrease in MDSCs and PD-1hi CD4 T cells, corresponding with an increase in survival.

Single cell RNA sequencing (scRNASeq) of CD45+ cells isolated from the CNS revealed that PLX5622 treatment resulted in muted CD4+ T cell activation profile that was associated with decreased expression of transcripts encoding MHC class II and CD86 in macrophages but not dendritic cells.

Increased CTLA-4 expression in the CNS-infiltrating CD4+ Tconv and Treg cells and decreased splenic B cell CD86 expression correlated with resistance.

RIPreC decreased CD8 T cells infiltrated into the brain, and attenuated the decreases of CD8 T cells in the blood, CD4 T cells and CD8 T cells in the spleen.

In the present study, results showed that Pdcd4 deficiency decreased the percentage of CD8+ T cells and increased that of regulatory T cells (Tregs) under hyperlipidemic conditions both in vitro and in vivo, which may be due to the reduced expression of co-stimulatory molecules CD28 and CD137, and the enhancive expression of co-inhibitory molecules CTLA-4.

Treatment with the combination elicited a robust systemic and tumor-specific immune response with (a) increased percentages of systemic and tumor infiltrated CD45+CD11b+ cells, (b) increased levels of myeloperoxidase (MPO), (c) increased antibody-dependent cellular cytotoxicity/phagocytosis (ADCC/ADCP), (d) decreased percentage of immune regulatory cells (CD8+CD69+ cells), and (e) reduced circulating levels of immunosuppressive tMUC1.

Exosomes from IDO-BMSCs cultured with DCs and T-cells (1) downregulated CD40, CD86, CD80, MHC-II, CD45RA, CD45RA+CD45RB, OX62, and upregulated CD274 expression, (2) increased the number of regulatory T-cells (Tregs) and decreased the number of CD8+ T-cells, and (3) decreased the levels of pro-inflammatory cytokines, but increased the levels of anti-inflammatory cytokines compared with the other groups.

At year 1 on-ART, % PD-1 CD4 T cells decreased but then remained stable at 4 and 6-15 years on-ART, whereas % PD-1 CD8 T cells on-ART remained similar to pre-ART.

For instance, the mutation V190I in subtype A1-infected individuals is associated with HLA-B,5802 (P = 4.73 x 10 (- 4)), a rapid-progression allele according to other studies, and also to a decreased mean CD4 count (P = 0.019).

MHC II gene knockout C57/BL6 mice, with significantly decreased CD4 T cells, were used.

The inability of NK cells to lyse HIV-infected T-cell blasts is not dependent on the strain of HIV used to infected the CD4+ T cell These studies indicate that despite drastic decreases in MHC class I molecule expression, HIV-infected T-cell blasts can evade destruction by autologous NK cells.

Cytomegalovirus, a beta-herpesvirus, impairs major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class I and class II antigen presentation by decreasing MHC expression on the surface of the infected cell, thus enabling infected cells to escape CD8+ and CD4+ T lymphocyte immunosurveillance.

When compared with complete MHC-mismatched wild-type cardiac allografts, IL-1R(-/-) allografts had marked decreases in endogenous memory CD8 T cell and neutrophil infiltration and expression of proinflammatory mediators at early times after transplant, whereas endogenous memory CD4 T cell and macrophage infiltration was not decreased.

Deletion of MHC II expression in macrophages led to an adipose tissue-specific decrease in the effector/memory CD4(+) T\240\cells, attenuation of\240\CD11c(+) ATM accumulation, and improvement in\240\glucose intolerance by increasing adipose tissue insulin sensitivity.

However, whether introduction of such mutations into CD4 causes decreased binding to MHC and loss of function is yet to be determined.

Our findings suggest that SARS-CoV-2 mutations as well as BCG-vaccination status and a host genetic factor, HLA genotypes might affect the susceptibility to SARS-CoV-2 infection or severity of COVID-19.

While a subset of epitopes from earlier betacoronaviruses, such as SARS-CoV (SARS), have been validated experimentally, validation systems are often biased toward specific HLA haplotypes (notably HLA-A,02:01) that only account for a fraction of the haplotypes of individuals affected by the SARS-CoV-2 pandemic.

Among the peptides used in the study, the affinity of peptides from HCoV-229e (H77 and H881) and peptides from SARS-CoV (S978 and S1203) for binding to HLA-A2 was higher than that of other sequences.

Taking the data deposited in the GISAID database, we made predictions using the IEDB analysis resource (TepiTool) to gauge how variants in the SARS-CoV-2 genome may change peptide binding to the most frequent MHC-class I and-II alleles in Africa, Asia and Europe.

such a T-cell epitope-specific response was not observed in HLA-A2(+) healthy donors or in HLA-A2(-) donors who had been infected with SARS-CoV after full recovery.

IL-7 was observed to induce a rapid and dose-dependent tyrosine phosphorylation of Jak 1 and Jak 3 and concomitantly, the tyrosine phosphorylation and DNA binding activity of multiple STAT proteins.

JAKs are cytoplasmic proteins that, following the binding of cytokines to their receptors, transduce the signal by phosphorylating STAT proteins which enter the nuclei and rapidly target gene promoters to regulate gene transcription.

In addition, mutagenesis of the Jak3 promoter has revealed that Sp1 binding sites within a-67 to-85 element and a signal transducer and activator of transcription (Stat) binding site at position-44 to-53 are critical for activation of Jak3 transcription in murine M1 myeloid leukemia cells stimulated with IL-6.

Treatment with H7 did not affect IL-4R-mediated immediate signaling events such as tyrosine phosphorylation of Jak1, Jak3, insulin receptor substrate (IRS)-1 and IRS-2, or tyrosine phosphorylation and DNA binding of Stat6.

Here we provide novel evidence that AG-490 potently inhibits the autokinase activity of JAK3 and tyrosine phosphorylation and DNA binding of signal transducer and activator of transcription 5 a and 5 b (STAT5a/b).

Besides ligand-induced receptor heterodimerization and contacts of the two IL-4 receptor subunits alpha and gamma with Janus kinases JAK1 and JAK3 a prominent constitutive binding between JAK1 and signal transducer and activator of transcription STAT5 was detected.

Reconstitution of the IL7 receptor signaling complex in 293 T cells showed that JAK3 mutants required receptor binding to mediate downstream STAT5 phosphorylation.

Here, we report that JAK1 is a constitutive TGFβRI binding protein and is absolutely required for phosphorylation of STATs in a SMAD-independent manner within minutes of TGF-β stimulation.

In this study, we first showed that STAT5 physically interacts with Runx1, Runx2 and Runx3 by co-immunoprecipitation experiments.

This meta-analysis demonstrates that the CCR5-Δ32 polymorphism acts as a protective factor in T1D development in Europeans, and a risk factor for BD among HLA-B51 carriers.

The CCR5-delta32 allele was readily detected in 7 samples and did not interfere with detection of HLA-B,5701 while providing an internal amplification control.

TDF inhibited Th1‑associated cytokine interferon‑γ and IL‑12 production and downregulated the expression of Th1 specific transcription factor T‑box 21 in OVA‑stimulated splenocytes.

Overall, these results indicated that TDF attenuates OVA‑induced allergic immune response by suppressing the production of Th2 specific cytokine IL‑4, through inhibiting transcription factor GATA‑3, and suggests that TDF may exhibit the potential to regulate the immune response in allergic diseases.

Although TDF can effectively suppress HIV after kidney transplantation, it is unknown whether use of TDF-based antiretroviral therapy (ART) after kidney transplantation adversely affects allograft survival.

ETV/TDF combination therapy effectively suppressed replication of this TDF-resistant mutant.

These findings demonstrate that SRY directs a previously unrecognized male-specific mechanism of DA cell death and suggests that suppressing nigral Sry synthesis represents a sex-specific strategy to slow or prevent DA cell loss in PD.

Participants receiving EVG/COBI/FTC/TDF exhibited a more rapid decline in HIV-1 RNA and a greater proportion suppressed viral load to less than 50 copies/ml than participants receiving EFV/FTC/TDF.

Tenofovir disoproxil fumarate (TDF) is effective in suppressing HIV and hepatitis B virus (HBV) replication in HIV-HBV coinfection although HBV DNA can persist in some individuals on TDF-containing antiretroviral therapy (ART).

This study evaluated the efavirenz (EFV) mid-dose plasma concentration (C12), clinical efficacy, and safety after the switch to a single-tablet regimen containing tenofovir disoproxil fumarate (TDF), lamivudine (3 TC), and 400-mg EFV in virally suppressed HIV-positive Taiwanese who were receiving co-formulated TDF, emtricitabine (FTC), and 600-mg EFV.

These data suggest that the inhibitory quotient (IQ) of TAF is projected to be higher than the IQ of TDF, and that TAF has the potential to inhibit viruses containing TDF resistance in the clinic.

TDF uptake was energy independent but its accumulation followed nonlinear kinetics, and excess unlabeled TDF inhibited radiolabeled TDF uptake in competition studies.

Overall, in the VB assay mimicking the 4-fold-higher intracellular levels of TFV-DP observed clinically with TAF versus TDF, TAF inhibited viral breakthrough of most TAM-containing HIV-1, whereas TDF did not.

Mammalian sex determination is controlled by the antagonistic interactions of two genetic pathways: The SRY-SOX9-FGF9 network promotes testis determination partly by opposing proovarian pathways, while RSPO1/WNT-β-catenin/FOXL2 signals control ovary development by inhibiting SRY-SOX9-FGF9.

Early studies showed that SRY represses such Wnt signaling, but also generated discrepancies on whether only mouse Sry is capable of inhibiting such Wnt signaling and whether both human and mouse SRY proteins are able to interact with beta-catenin, the intracellular messenger responsible for executing the Wnt signals.

Also, we showed that the action of Sry as a transcriptional activator was both necessary and sufficient to inhibit Wnt/beta-catenin signaling, suggesting that the transcriptional targets of Sry are responsible for the inhibition of signaling.

In order to investigate Sry regulation network in the development of male embryo, we inhibited the Sry gene expression by RNAi and then examined expression of other sex-related genes.

1/Sry565 could inhibit significantly increased after Sry silencing.

The use of TDF/FTC/EFV as first line regimen for naïve HIV-1 infected adult patient showed superior viral load suppression and tolerability as compared to ZDV/3TC/EFV.

There are no known studies in developing countries, including Zimbabwe, documenting the proximal tubular function in HIV infected children on TDF.

Intracellular TDF disposition is regulated by ATP-binding cassette (ABC) drug efflux transporters and, a reduced transport activity may be implicated in accumulation of TDF into the cells.

FEN and TDF co-exposure also regulated the mRNA of vezf, hsp70, p53, gadd45α, induced the synthesis of ROS and activity of GST, suggesting the synergistic potential of oxidative stress induced by FEN and TDF co-exposure.

Sry transcripts are found in all analyzed male rat tissues including the kidney, while Sox3 transcripts are found only in the brain and testis, suggesting that the primary tissue for renin production (kidney) can only be regulated by SRY and not SOX3.

Hence, SRY determines Sertoli cell fate by repressing ovarian and activating testicular differentiation genes, promotes early Sertoli cells to form testis cord, and then passes on its functions to SOX9, which regulates common targets and activates its own gene regulatory program, beyond SRY actions, in sex determination.

Decreased shuttling limits nuclear accumulation of phosphorylated (activated) SRY, in turn reducing occupancy of DNA sites regulating Sertoli-cell differentiation [ the testis-specific SRY-box 9 (Sox9) enhancer].

Human SRY regulated rat promoters in the same manner as rat Sry, elevating Agt, Ren, and Ace promoter activity while downregulating Ace 2.

Despite the sequence differences between the marsupial and eutherian SRY genes, our functional assay indicates that the marsupial SRY gene regulates SOX9 as a transcription factor in a similar way to the eutherian SRY gene.

Interestingly, we showed that mouse SRY cooperates with SF1 to regulate Fgf9 expression, while human SRY-mediated FGF9 expression is SF1- independent.

Furthermore, Tet2 deficiency diminished Sry expression, indicating that TET2-mediated DNA demethylation regulates Sry expression positively.

These genetic data, together with the finding that Sox9 is upregulated in Sertoli cell precursors just after SRY expression begins, has led to the proposal that Sox9 could be directly regulated by SRY.

Our results suggested that the Wt1 transcription was regulated by Sry, whereas the Sox9 expression is not directly regulated by Sry in the development of genital ridge.

Although the interactions of several genes with Sry expression have been suggested, the exact cascade of gene expression regulating Sry transcription is entirely obscure because there is no available cell line expressing Sry and reflecting an in vivo condition.

This implies that chimeric SRY proteins with SOX HMG domains can bind to and regulate SRY target genes and that potential SRY partner factor interactions are not disrupted by HMG domain substitutions.

The TDA proteins may regulate Sry expression or form complexes with the SRY protein to regulate other genes, or the tda genes may be activated or repressed by the SRY protein.

Finally, by analysing p300 and HDAC3 expression profiles during both human or mouse gonadal development, we suggest that acetylation and deacetylation of SRY may be important mechanisms for regulating SRY activity during mammalian sex determination.

These 12 TDF-selected TRAMs will be important for monitoring TDF-associated transmitted drug-resistance and for determining the extent of reduced TDF susceptibility in individuals with VF on a TDF-containing regimen.

Permeability studies using Madin-Darby canine kidney and Caco-2 cell monolayers demonstrated that TDF was a substrate for the permeability glycoprotein with permeability glycoprotein inhibitors reducing basolateral to apical transport of TDF.

In this largely TDF-experienced cohort of HIV-positive men, there was no association between TDF and 25 (OH) D deficiency, hyperparathyroidism reduced BMD or increased BT, although patients on TDF had higher but normal ALP.

Pre-exposure prophylaxis (PrEP) with TDF/FTC significantly reduces the risk for HIV-1 transmission, but, to date, nobody knows if PrEP can still be useful in case of viruses harboring resistances to TDF/FTC or if alternative antiretroviral drugs might be rather proposed in selected cases.

TAF delivers TFV-DP to target cells more efficiently and at lower doses than TDF, thereby substantially reducing systemic exposure to TFV, which results in improved bone and renal safety relative to TDF.

Over a 24 hour period, XX and XY gonadally female mice (lacking Sry) exhibited greater horizontal locomotor activity and reduced food consumption per unit bodyweight than XX and XY gonadally male mice (possessing Sry).

Escherichia coli expression of SRY study showed reduced expression of the mutated protein and gel retardation assay method revealed lowered DNA-binding ability in N65D variant of SRY.

Although many SRY mutations reduce DNA-binding/bending activity, it is not clear how SRY mutations that do not affect interaction with DNA contribute to disease.

The testing in in vivo model based on the hydrodynamic injection revealed the antiviral effect of TDF against wild type and mutated HBV genomes and confirmed the reduced the susceptibility of mutant HBV to TDF.

Sry expression has been shown to be markedly reduced in transgenic mice harboring a mutant GATA4 protein (a member of the GATA family of transcription factors) disrupted in its ability to interact with its transcriptional partner FOG2, suggesting that GATA4 is involved in SRY gene transcription.

Here, we show that mouse Sry protein binds CaM and that a CaM antagonist reduces CaM binding, nuclear accumulation, and transcriptional activity of Sry in transfected cells.

In the present study, we examined a number of missense mutations in the SRY CaM-NLS from human XY sex-reversed females for the first time, showing that they result in significantly reduced nuclear localization of GFP (green fluorescent protein)-SRY fusion proteins in transfected cells compared with wild-type.

In this cohort, TDF exposure was associated with reduced kidney function, but the loss in eGFR attributable to TDF is relatively mild in a long-term perspective.

TDF treatment was not associated with primary allograft failure at 3 \240\years post transplant after adjusting for DGF and a propensity score for TDF use (hazard ratio 2.12, 95 % confidence interval 0.41-10.9).

Surprisingly TDF exposure was associated with a better agreement compared with TDF-unexposed individuals.

Both TDF and lithium are associated with renal tubular toxicity, which could be additive, or a pharmacokinetic interaction may occur at renal transporters with a decrease in TDF elimination.

Aims of this study were to assess the rate of TDF discontinuations in clinical practice and to identify factors associated with the risk of stopping TDF.

Co-administration of TDF with PI/r was associated with an increased rate of TDF discontinuations.

Tenofovir disoproxil fumarate (TDF)-associated renal dysfunction may abate when TDF is replaced with abacavir (ABC).

Herein, the predicted atomic structures of five representative sequence variants of the reverse transcriptase protein (RT) of hepatitis B virus (HBV), sampled from patients with rapid or slow response to tenofovir disoproxil fumarate (TDF) treatment, have been examined to identify structural variations between them in order to assess structural and functional properties of HBV-RT variants associated with the differential responses to TDF treatment.

Renal dysfunction on commencing TDF use was not common, however, older age, lower baseline eGFR and PI-based ART were associated with higher risk of renal dysfunction during TDF use in adult HIV-infected individuals in the Asia-Pacific region.

However, it has been established that TDF is associated with renal toxicity in human immunodeficiency virus-infected patients, while severe or symptomatic TDF-associated nephrotoxicity has rarely been reported in patients with CHB.

The TDF group was associated with altered levels of retinol-binding protein (RBP)/creatinine (TDF 25 % vs.

Among HIV-infected men, cumulative TDF exposure was associated with incrementally higher A1M levels, whereas time since TDF treatment discontinuation was associated with progressively lower A1M levels.

SNPs of the drug transporters for TDF are not associated with clinically important renal outcomes in patients who initiated TDF-containing ART.

Although several studies in adult populations have shown that tenofovir-disoproxil-fumarate (TDF) use is associated with a significant loss of renal function, there is still uncertainty on the long-term TDF safety profile in pediatric HIV populations, mostly in vertically HIV-infected patients.

TDF/ETV combination therapy was not associated with higher rate of VR compared with TDF/LAM combination therapy in MDR CHB patients.

With CG network, ATV/r + TDF/FTC was associated with lower impact on the decline of eGFR than ATV/cobicistat + TDF/FTC but with higher decrease in eGFR than ATV/r + ABC/3TC (difference in mean change from baseline in eGFR respectively + 3.67 and-3.89).

Lower weight (p = 0.05) and initial dose of TDF received (p = 0.0048) were significantly associated with TDF-induced nephrotoxicity: median dose of TDF (7.8 mg/kg/day) compared with the remainder of the cohort (6.5 mg/kg/day).

Within the largest randomized trial of FTC/TDF versus TDF as PrEP, plasma samples were tested for HIV with resistance mutations associated with FTC (K65R and M184IV) and TDF (K65R and K70E), using 454 sequencing.

Long-term tenofovir disoproxil fumarate (TDF) treatment for chronic hepatitis B (CHB) is associated with sustained viral suppression and regression of fibrosis and cirrhosis at year 5 (240 weeks) and no TDF resistance through 6 years (288 weeks).

Although no single predictive genetic marker for the development of TDF-FS was identified, the findings from our study suggest that rare variants in multiple genes involved in the renal handling of tenofovir, and/or renal cell homeostasis, may be associated with increased susceptibility to TDF-FS.

Though the overall risk of TDF associated severe renal toxicity in HBV patients appears to be negligible, both glomerular and tubular function should be monitored in patients exposed to TDF, especially when other renal risk factors or a history of previous exposure to adefovir dipivoxil (ADV) are present.

lower eGFR at baseline was associated with TDF discontinuation for toxicity and PI/r use was associated with isolated stop of TDF (Figure).

The use of an ABC- or TDF-containing regimen was independently associated with tubular dysfunction, but we found no significant differences between these groups, except when TDF was combined with a protease inhibitor.

As TDF scale up progresses, programs need to develop capacity for monitoring and treatment of renal impairment associated with TDF.

A higher eGFR at baseline, a lower eGFR after discontinuation of TDF therapy, and more-prolonged exposure to TDF were associated with an increased risk of incomplete recovery 6 months after discontinuation of TDF therapy.

Switching to dolutegravir + emtricitabine/TDF was associated with similar efficacy and tolerability to switching to elvitegravir/cobicistat/emtricitabine/TDF in virologically suppressed patients in clinical practice, although reasons for discontinuation showed differences between regimens.

RAL + DRV/r group had lower level of convenience (P = 0.03) and fitted less well into patients\ lifestyle (P = 0.007) than the TDF/FTC + DRV/r regimen, and was associated with lower treatment satisfaction [ median score: 53 RAL + DRV/r vs 55 TDF/FTC + DRV/r (P = 0.001) ].

Women randomized to TDF-containing ART had accentuated spine loss associated with phosphaturia, and accentuated hip loss associated with CD4 restoration, regardless of TDF exposure.

While FTC/TDF is typically well tolerated, to our knowledge, cranial nerve pathology associated with FTC/TDF has not been previously described.

Our results show that combination of TDF and boosted protease inhibitor is associated with a higher CKD risk than TDF and a NNRTI.

EFV + TDF/FTC was associated with significantly lower risk of CKD versus other TDF-containing regimens in the Veterans Health Administration.

In multivariate model, more than 5 years of TDF exposure and current TDF use [ odds ratio (OR) 4.2, 95 % confidence interval (CI) 2.37-7.56 ], more than 5 years and past TDF use (OR 2.4, 95 % CI 1.09-5.33), less than 5 years and current TDF (OR 2.4, 95 % CI 1.24-4.85), and less than 5 years and past TDF (OR 2.4, 95 % CI 1.22-4.64) were all significantly associated with KTD, with never TDF use as reference.

However, with 2 years exposure, both less than 2 years and current TDF (OR 2.3, 95 % CI 0.84-6.2) and less than 2 years and past TDF (OR 1.9, 95 % CI 0.73-4.93) were not associated with KTD, whereas both more than 2 years and current TDF and more than 2 years and past TDF were associated.

In Caucasian patients with CHB, with or without cirrhosis, long-term ETV or TDF monotherapy is associated with similar HCC risk, rates of biochemical/virological remission, HBsAg loss and liver transplantation or death, but elastographic reversion of cirrhosis at year 5 was more frequent with TDF.

In vitro data showed that adding LdT to ADV or TDF was associated with improved cell viability and lower expression of injury and apoptotic biomarkers compared with ADV or TDF alone.

TDF-containing cART achieved durable HBV viral suppression in HIV/HBV-coinfected patients and HBeAg positivity at baseline was associated with failure to achieve HBV suppression despite long-term TDF-containing cART.

Specifically, tenofovir disoproxil fumarate (TDF), ritonavir-boosted atazanavir, and ritonavir-boosted lopinavir are associated with renal impairment, and TDF is known to cause loss of bone mineral density.

SRY up-regulation occurred via the p-quinone pathway associated with a 3.5-fold increase in expression of GADD45γ, a DNA damage inducible factor gene and known SRY regulator.

SRY was found to directly associate with the Tcf21 promoter SRY/SOX9 response elements in vivo during fetal rat testis development.

Our data show that the presence of the sex determining region Y (SRY) was associated with lower methylation levels, whereas higher X chromosome dosage in the absence of SRY led to an increase in DNA methylation levels at the ZPBP2 DMR.

SRY-mutation-caused sex reversal is a rare disease and mostly associated with a de novo mutation since the patients with defective SRY is infertile.

In HIV-infected women initiating antiretroviral therapy in Africa, LPV/r + TDF/FTC was associated with less favorable changes in lipids, and use of NVP + TDF/FTC was associated with less favorable changes in BP.

Estimated glomerular filtration rate decline under TDF therapy appears mainly associated with older age, non-African origin, higher baseline eGFR and longer TDF administration but not with the type of viral infection.

Among patients having received TDF-containing regimens over a 5-year period, PRTD remained significantly associated with TDF exposure when treatment was ongoing (OR 5.22) or had been discontinued (OR 11.49).

Furthermore, we show that the mouse SRY is associated indirectly with KAP1 and heterochromatin protein 1 (HP1) through its interaction with KRAB-O, suggesting that the mouse SRY could use the KRAB-KAP1-HP1 organized transcriptional regulatory complex to regulate its yet-to-be-identified downstream target genes.

The demonstration that mutations in the SOX proteins, SRY and SOX9, are responsible for disorders associated with male-to-female sex reversal showed dramatically that SRY and SOX9 have an essential role in male sex differentiation.

SRY, SOX9, and DAX1 are key genes in human sex determination, by virtue of their associated male-to-female sex reversal phenotypes when mutated (SRY, SOX9) or over-expressed (DAX1).

A switch to TDF/FTC compared to remaining on a stable regimen is associated with increases in bone turnover that correlate with reductions in BMD, suggesting that TDF exposure directly affects bone metabolism in vivo.

Transporter proteins involved in the renal elimination of TDF, such as organic anion transporter 1 or multidrug resistant protein 2 or 4, seem to be involved importantly and several genetic polymorphisms in these proteins have been associated with an increased risk of kidney tubulopathy in patients treated with TDF.

To determine whether tenofovir disoproxil fumarate (TDF) is associated with renal dysfunction when used as part of an initial antiretroviral regimen and to assess the effect of ritonavir-boosted protease inhibitor (PI/r) coadministration on renal function in TDF-treated patients.

As treatment with TDF may be associated with nephrotoxicity, all TDF-treated patients should be monitored for renal function at baseline and periodically thereafter.

According to occurrence of K70E mutation after failure to TDF regimen, this mutation was recently reported as a mutation associated with TDF resistance in most resistance genotypic algorithms.

Treatment with TDF and PI/r was associated with greater declines in renal function over 48 weeks compared with TDF+NNRTI-based regimens.

Cases of renal dysfunction have been reported in HIV-infected patients taking tenofovir (TDF), but few large studies have examined population-level changes in renal function associated with TDF use in patients in routine care.

Boosted LPV co-administration and low body weight may be risk factors for TDF-induced renal tubular dysfunction, probably because these factors are associated with an increase in TDF concentration.

Initiating TDF plus FTC with NVP (sHR 1.94, 95 % CI 1.38, 2.72) or LPV/r (sHR 1.89, 95 % CI 1.45, 2.47) was associated with higher risk of TC than initiating with TDF plus FTC plus EFV.

Tartaric acid enhanced the solubility of TDF over 5-fold in DW, and Soluplus® enhanced the solubility of TDF over 8.7-fold and 19.2-fold compared to that of TDF (pure) in DW and pH 1.2 for 1 h, respectively.

From the results, we found that the acidifier increased the wettability of TDF, and the solubilizer improved solubility through hydrogen bonding with TDF, thereby increasing the solubility, dissolution and oral bioavailability of TDF in TDF-SD3.

The cumulative mean loss in the TDF group, relative to the control increased over time after 1, 4, and 8 years of TDF exposure (- 3.8,-5.5, and-9.0 mL/min/1.

TDF, TFV, and tenofovir monophosphonate ester transport across Caco-2 monolayers with esterase and efflux inhibitors revealed a maximum 38.7-fold increase in apical to basolateral TDF transport with the potent non-GRAS combination of EM1 and GF120918.

This significant inhibition of TDF hydrolysis and efflux in\240\vivo exhibits the potential to safely increase TDF bioavailability in humans.

These results indicate that the prevention of the metabolic conversion of TDF to its monoester form is crucial in increasing the oral absorption of TDF.

We postulate that this adverse drug reaction may have been secondary to the known interaction between ledipasvir and TDF, which results in increased TDF exposure.

In this largely TDF-experienced cohort of HIV-positive men, there was no association between TDF and 25 (OH) D deficiency, hyperparathyroidism, reduced BMD or increased BT, although patients on TDF had higher but normal ALP.

Although tenofovir disoproxil fumarate (TDF) use has increased as part of first-line antiretroviral therapy (ART) across sub-Saharan Africa, renal outcomes among patients receiving TDF remain poorly understood.

The incidence of HCC remained stable over time among individuals on TDF, whereas it increased steadily among those not on TDF.

At 24 weeks, VS was lower in TDF/FTC+DRV/r or DRV/c (adjusted OR: 0.37, 95 % CI: 0.18, 0.74) compared with ABC/3TC/DTG, and CD4+ T-cell increase was lower in patients initiating with TDF/FTC/RPV (adjusted mean difference:-75.9, 95 % CI:-130.6,-21.2) compared with those who did with ABC/3TC/DTG.

The prevalence of renal impairment increased from 10 % at week 24 to 45 % at 144 weeks in TDF-exposed participants compared to an increase from 8 % at 24 weeks to 14 % at 144 weeks in TDF-unexposed participants.

Concomitant use of ledipasvir and boosted protease inhibitors (PIs) may increase the risk of tenofovir (TDF) nephrotoxicity, since both these drugs increase TDF levels.

A drug interaction between LDV and TDF could increase TDF-associated nephrotoxicity rates.

Furthermore, TDF induced the accumulation of reactive oxygen species (ROS) and the activity of antioxidant proteins glutathione peroxidase (GPX), superoxide dismutase (SOD), and catalase (CAT), and significantly increased the transcriptions of stress response genes P53, growth arrest and DNA damage-inducible 45 alpha (Gadd45α), and COX1, suggested that TDF might cause oxidative stress during larvae development.

In contrast, the increase in E2 production was accompanied by an increase in Esr1 protein expression caused by TDF and paralleled the increase in ahrr1 expression, suggesting that TDF may induce estrogenic activity through AhR-ER interactions in females.

Two infusions of ZOL (in the presence of ongoing TDF) yielded sustained BMD increases through month 36 that remained greater than with TDF switching.

DEHP exposure resulted in significant reduction in mRNA of Sry during sex determination from gestation day (GD) 11.0 to 11.5 in male fetal mice, and the increasing of Sry expression to threshold level on GD 11.5 was delayed.

SRY up-regulation occurred via the p-quinone pathway, associated with a 3.5-fold increase in expression of GADD45γ, a DNA damage inducible factor gene and known SRY regulator.

As suggested by MLPA analysis, case 1 has increased copy numbers of SRY, ZFY and UTY genes, case 2 had increased copies of SRY and ZFY genes, and deletion of UTY gene, and case 3 had decreased copies for subtelomeric regions of X/Yp and X/Yq.

Using a reconstituted nuclear import assay, we show that antibodies to hsc70 significantly reduce nuclear accumulation of wild type SRY and mutant derivatives thereof that retain CaM-dependent nuclear import, with an increased rate of nuclear accumulation upon addition of both CaM and hsc70, in contrast to an SRY mutant derivative with impaired CaM binding.

The findings presented here confirm and extend the argument for Sry3 as one of the genes responsible for the SHR hypertensive Y chromosome phenotype and are consistent with increased tissue RAS activity due to Sry3 and increased sodium reabsorption.

Previously, we showed that Sry1 increased activity of the tyrosine hydroxylase promoter in transfected PC12 cells, and Sry1 delivered to adrenal gland of Wistar-Kyoto (WKY) rats increased blood pressure and sympathetic nervous system activity.

TDF discontinuation rates increased with decreasing eGFR, leaving a selected group still on TDF at lower advanced CKD/ESRD risk.

TDF taken together with lopinavir may increase the plasma concentration of TDF or other medications that could worsen renal function.

In patients treated with TDF + 3 TC, CD4 count increased by 160 cel/microl (95 % CI, 53-266) more than in patients treated with TDF + ddI.

Dax-1 and Sry have been shown to act antagonistically in the mouse system, where over-expression of Dax-1 leads to female development and increasing activity of Sry to male development.

Coadministration of TdFf with EAC/DLA-induced mice showed a significant increase in the liver enzymic and nonenzymic antioxidants and significant decrease in the serum liver marker enzymes to prove the in vivo antioxidative and antitumor activity of TdFf.

We show that acetylation participates in the nuclear localisation of SRY by increasing SRY interaction with importin beta, while specific deacetylation by HDAC3 induces a cytoplasmic delocalisation of SRY.

The Antiretroviral Pregnancy Registry database, with 1800 pregnancies exposed to TDF in the first trimester, does not indicate increased congenital anomaly risk with TDF exposure.

In order to determine whether oral administration of TDF also increases distribution to sites of viral infection, the plasma and circulating lymphoid cell pharmacokinetics of TFV and its phosphorylated metabolites were assessed following a single oral TDF or subcutaneous TFV administration at doses yielding equivalent plasma exposures to TFV in macaques.

The co-administration of TDF 300 mg once a day with fosamprenavir/ritonavir 1400/200 mg or 1400/100 mg once a day has no effect on the pharmacokinetics of amprenavir and results in non-significant increases of ritonavir pharmacokinetic parameters, suggesting that no dose modification is necessary when combining fosamprenavir/ritonavir with TDF.

Co-administration of some HIV protease inhibitors (PIs) with tenofovir disoproxil fumarate (TDF), an oral prodrug of TFV, has been shown to increase systemic levels of TFV, leading to a hypothesis that PIs may affect tubular secretion of TFV and potentially alter the renal safety of TDF.

Given that TDF is an adenosine analogue, like didanosine, exposure to ribavirin might increase intracellular phosphorylated TDF metabolites, which could result in a higher risk of nephrotoxicity.

Recent work has demonstrated the existence of a systemic interaction between didanosine (ddI) and tenofovir disoproxyl fumarate (TDF) that leads to a significant increase in plasma ddI levels when coadministered with TDF (40 to 50 % increase).

The high prevalence of elevated Ctrough-TDF and its correlation with an increased risk of renal impairment support the usefulness of therapeutic drug monitoring for TDF, particularly in women and older patients.

The decreased ATV plasma concentration suggested that interactions between ATV and TDF were exacerbated by an increase in TDF plasma concentration caused by renal dysfunction.

Tenofovir disoproxil fumarate (TDF), a prodrug of tenofovir, has oral bioavailability (25 %) limited by intestinal transport (P-glycoprotein), and intestinal degradation (carboxylesterase).

The TDF analogue tenofovir alafenamide (TAF) has demonstrated equal efficacy but with decreased renal injury and bone mineral density loss compared with TDF.

On the HIV SIQ, the percentage of patients reporting a shift from \ symptom\ to \ no symptom\ was significantly greater with RPV/FTC/TDF treatment compared with PI + RTV + 2 NRTIs for all items (all p ≤ 0.01), with total within-group occurrence of 13/20 symptoms significantly decreasing from baseline for RPV/FTC/TDF patients.

A rapid decrease in CG-CrCl during exposure to TDF was defined as a decrease in CG-CrCl at least five times higher than the expected due to age (0.4 ml/min/year by the years of exposure to TDF).

EVG/c/FTC/TDF led to greater decreases in sCD14, hsCRP, and Lp-PLA2 levels, compared with EFV/FTC/TDF.

Although the apparent digestibility of Cellulose, insoluble dietary fiber (IDF) and total dietary fiber (TDF) decreased with dietary fiber level, we found that the apparent digestibility of Cellulose, IDF and TDF of Suhuai pigs was not changed when provided with diet containing 19.1 % TDF (as feed basis).

Because tenofovir alafenamide (TAF) leads to significantly lower plasma tenofovir concentrations than tenofovir disoproxil fumarate (TDF) and is a stronger substrate for P-glycoprotein (P-gp) than TDF, TAF could lead to decreased central nervous system (CNS) tenofovir exposure than TDF.

In osteoporotic men, expression of RANKL is 17-fold higher, which correlates with the drastically reduced expression (200-fold) of Sry, suggesting that in osteoporotic men, the upregulation of RANKL is caused by a decrease of Sry.

SRY gene in situ hybridization method was used to detect the positive SRY expressions in heart, liver, spleen, lung and kidney, especially in liver, while Yiguangjian decreased liver SRY expression.

ABC/3TC and TDF/FTC significantly and similarly decreased fat mtDNA content, but only TDF/FTC decreased complex I and complex IV activity levels.

In a comparison of the four genotypes bearing the Sry transgene, males with two copies of the X chromosome (XXSry and XXY(-) Sry) had longer latencies to mount and thrust than males with only one copy of the X chromosome (XYSry and XYY(-) Sry) and decreased frequencies of mounts and intromissions as compared with XYSry males.

At 5 wk postpartum, although SRY was still detected in the thyroids of 12 of 40 (30 %) Tg-immunized mice, the number of male cells was markedly decreased (range, 1-30), and by 10 wk postpartum SRY had disappeared.

To avoid risk of renal toxicity, TDF dose should be decreased when coadministrated with LPV/r, children should receive 150 mg TDF from 20 to 40 kg, 225 mg TDF from 40 to 55 kg, and the adult dosage of 300 mg TDF over 55 kg.

However, TDF analysis revealed that nine of the 14 TDF domains were utilized, most commonly \ Knowledge\ and \ Environmental context and resources\.

Translation of the sequences of each Sry gene reveals eight proteins with amino acid differences leading to changes in nuclear localization and promoter activation of a Sry-responsive gene.

Our data suggest a role for CBP/p300 in testis determination mediated by control of histone acetylation at the Sry locus and reveal a novel element in the epigenetic control of Sry and mammalian sex determination.

From the 30 maternal plasma samples considered for SRY genotyping, 16 samples revealed the presence of the SRY gene.

The cellular dynamism of Sry expression revealed in this study thus provides important insights into both the cellular and molecular mode of action of SRY, and how perturbations in Sry expression can lead to anomalies of sexual development.

The precise location of the SRY gene on the human Y chromosome has been revealed through studies of sex reversal cases involving deletion, cross-linking and mutations of the SRY gene.

Detailed analysis of the Sry genomic locus reveals a further difference in that the mouse Sry open reading frame lies within 2.8 kilobases of unique sequence at the center of a large inverted repeat.

A piecewise multiple regression technique was applied to the nonlinear TDF distribution revealing a significant association of the post_GFR and dif_BUN values with TDF concentration (P=0.

Tenofovir (TDF) affects bone health and is widely used in pregnancy but data are limited on the effects of TDF exposure in utero.

Correct regulation of SRY is critical: aberrant timing or level of Sry expression is known to disrupt testis development in mice and we hypothesize that mutations that affect regulation of human SRY may account for some of the many cases of XY gonadal dysgenesis that currently remain unexplained.

While the effect of human SRY on individual genes is often modest, we show that many different genes participating in the renin-angiotensin system can be affected by SRY, apparently in coordinated fashion, to produce more Ang II and less Ang-(1-7).

Since expression of Sry was affected these results suggest that long range position effects have disrupted Sry action.

Although XY females carry SRY mutations in these nuclear localization signals that affect SRY nuclear import in transfected cells, it is not known whether these transport mechanisms are essential for gonadal development and sex determination.

Recovery of renal function after discontinuation of TDF is likely affected by the duration of TDF administration.

In vitro selection experiments and docking analysis show that other reverse transcriptase (RT) mutations, even localized in RT connection domain, can be selected by 3 TC + TDF or FTC + TDF in M184V absence and can affect RT affinity for 3 TC/FTC and/or TDF.

) or tenofovir disoproxil fumarate (TDF) for high-risk individuals, with limited data for single-agent TDF PrEP in men who have sex with men (MSM).

Tenofovir disoproxil fumarate (TDF) is increasingly used in the highly active antiretroviral therapy (HAART) regimens of pregnant women, but limited data exist on the pregnancy pharmacokinetics of chronically dosed TDF.

Tenofovir (TDF) has replaced stavudine (d4T) as the preferred nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor (NRTI) in first-line regimens in South Africa, but limited information is available on the resistance patterns that develop after the introduction of TDF.

Median rectal fluid concentrations of TFV, the hydrolysis product of the prodrug TDF, were between 0.66 ng mg-1 (TDF pod-IVR group) and 1.11 ng mg-1 (TDF-FTC pod-IVR group), but below the analytical lower limit of quantitation in 5/6 samples in the TDF-FTC-MVC pod-IVR group.

Tenofovir disoproxil fumarate (TDF) and trials of vitamin D supplementation have been the focus of recent studies of CBD with limited studies to date evaluating tenofovir alafenamide as an alternative to TDF for decreasing risk for bone and renal adverse effects among HIV-infected adolescents.

TDF use can be considered in patients with preexisting or current renal dysfunction who have limited antiretroviral treatment options, require TDF for fully active antiretroviral regimen, and can be closely monitored for incident worsening of renal function.

Analysis of these mice demonstrated that the ability of Sry to induce testis development is limited to approximately 11.0-11.25 dpc, corresponding to a time window of only 6 hours after the normal onset of Sry expression in XY gonads.

Saturable TDF efflux observed in Caco-2 cells suggests that at pharmacologically relevant intestinal concentrations, transport has only a limited effect on TDF absorption, thus minimizing the magnitude of potential intestinal drug interactions.

It has recently been shown that fetal exposure of nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors (NRTIs) tenofovir disoproxil fumarate (TDF) and abacavir is decreased by placental ABC transporters p-glycoprotein (ABCB1) and BCRP (ABCG2).

In this prospective matched cohort study, 46 patients with 1-year PegIFN intensification during TDF-containing antiretroviral therapy (TDF+PegIFN) were matched 1 : 1 to controls undergoing TDF without PegIFN (TDF) using a time-dependent propensity score based on age, CD4+ count and liver cirrhosis status.

When given in HAART combinations, FTC/TDF FDC has a remarkable effectiveness in controlling HIV replication and securing a significant CD4(+) cell recovery.

In this study, RNA-seq, a high-throughput method was performed, to analyze the global expression of differential expressed genes (DEGs) in zebrafish embryos treated with TDF (10 μg/mL) from fertilization to 72 h post-fertilization (hpf) as compared with that in the control group (without TDF treatment).

This was a randomized, double-blind, crossover study to evaluate the postprandial blood glucose and insulin responses of healthy adults (n = 28) after the consumption of a muffin top made with VERSAFIBE™ 2470 RS (11.6 g TDF fiber muffin top) or a control muffin top (0.9 g TDF).

Patients with CHB were treated with TDF in the immune-reactive phase and compared with a historical control group of patients treated with LMV before the TDF era.

Following 24 weeks TDF therapy, 40 patients were randomly assigned to groups that received 48 weeks of experimental therapy (TDF\240\+ pegIFN\240\+ REP 2139-Mg or REP 2165-Mg) or 24 weeks of control therapy (TDF\240\+ pegIFN) followed by 48 weeks of experimental therapy.

Since SP-GADRC can be transformed into a two-degree-of-freedom (TDF) feedback control structure, it is simply interpreted and tuned through the equivalent TDF internal model control (TDF-IMC) by using the delay-free part of the system as the nominal model for the IMC design and selecting the bandwidths of controller and extended state observer (ESO) for SP-GADRC as the inverse of the time constants of the setpoint filter and the disturbance-rejection filter in IMC, respectively.

Although used globally, little data exist on the efficacy of nevirapine (NVP) used in combination with tenofovir (TDF)/emtricitabine or lamivudine (XTC), and no large randomized prospective control trials exists comparing this combination with efavirenz (EFV)/TDF/(XTC).

In electrophoretic mobility shift assays (EMSA), we demonstrated that the 3.7 kb 5 \-upstream DNA stretch of Wt1 containing potential Sry binding sites was capable of forming molecular complexes with nuclear protein(s) from Sry expressing cells but not with those from control non-Sry expressing cells.

To functionally compare SRY promoter sequences, we have generated transgenic mice with fluorescent reporter genes under the control of various lengths of human and pig SRY 5 \ flanking sequences.

Using plasmids containing the 9.9 kb mouse genomic Sry previously shown to induce testis development in XX transgenic mice, we constructed a Sry/Cre fusion gene plasmid in which Cre expression is controlled by the 5 \ and 3 \ untranslated regions of mouse Sry.

To study SRY transcriptional regulation within an evolutionary context, we have generated transgenic mice that express green fluorescent protein (GFP) under the control of 4.5 kb of pig SRY 5 \ flanking sequences (pSRYp-GFP).

Prospective examination of sera from 41 patients collected prior to and during TDF exposure showed Macro CK2 in 20/41 (48 %) TDF-treated patients and in 0/19 control sera from patients with TDF-free regimens.

Of the 12 macaques, 4 received oral TDF daily, 4 received oral TDF once weekly, and 4 (control animals) received no TDF.

In contrast, the increase in HLA-ABC expression by CD8+ lymphocytes was associated with transition from 2 H4+ to 2 H4int status, which suggests that increased HLA-ABC expression occurs at an earlier stage in the acquisition of CD45RO in CD8+ cells than for CD4+ cells.

Inclusion of a CD4(+) Th cell epitope within the SCT did not increase the frequency of SVG9-specific CD8(+) T cells, but did enhance protection against WNV challenge.

In the period of 60 to 120 th day after allo-HSCT, blood CD3+CD8+ cytotoxic T lymphocytes (CTLs) gradually increased and fluctuated in the range of 60 to 90 %, CD3+CD4+ cells fluctuated in the range of 5 to 18 %, and CD4+CD25+ cells accounted for between 3 to 13 %.

IAV challenge of vaccinated mice resulted in a modest increase in the numbers of NP-specific CD4 and CD8 effector T cells in the spleen, but did not increase numbers of memory phenotype CD8 T cells generated following viral clearance (compared to control vaccinated mice).

The results demonstrated that CaCO3-LNT/H5N1 significantly enhanced the expression of MHC-II and CD86 in lymph node dendritic cells, and increased the ratio of CD4+ to CD8+ T cells in lymphocytes.

Particularly, a higher ratio of CD8/Foxp3 accurately predicts prognosis for improved DFS and DMFS, and an increased CD8/CD4 ratio is an independent predictor for favourable LRFS.

When combined with the checkpoint-blockade using anti-cytotoxic T-lymphocyte antigen-4, the generated immunological responses will further promote the infiltrating CD8 and CD4 T-cells to increase the CD8/Foxp3 T-cell ratio to inhibit the growth of distant tumors beyond the direct impact range of the PA therapy.

Initial infiltration of macrophages and CD4+ lymphocytes on day 11 was followed by increase in number of CD8+ cells.

HCV core treatment led to decreased interferon-gamma production in CD8+ T cells but to increased immunoglobulin M and immunoglobulin G production as well as cell surface expression of costimulatory and chemokine receptors, including CD86 (B7-2), CD154 (CD40L) and CD195 (CCR5), in CD20+ B cells.

There was a reduction in the percentage of CD4+ glatiramer-reactive T cells and an increase in the number of CD8+ glatiramer-reactive T cells.

Both double and triple therapies caused a clear decrease in memory (CD45RA-CD45RO+) CD8 cells as well as a significant increase in the CD28 subset of CD8 cells.

Furthermore, therapy with cyclophosphamide increases IL-4-producing CD4(+) T cells and reverses the increase in IFN-gamma-producing CD8(+) T cells.

In addition, emergence of X4 variants was associated with a small but significant decline in naive CD8 T-cell numbers and increased proportions of dividing CD4 and CD8 naive, memory and effector T cells.

In the duodenum, the quadruple regimen resulted in greater CD8+ T-cell density decline, greater normalization of mucosal CCR5+CD4+ T-cells and increase of the naïve/memory CD8+ T-cell ratio, and a greater decline of sCD14 levels and duodenal HIV DNA levels (P = 0.004 and P = 0.067, respectively), with no changes in HIV RNA in plasma or tissue.

Infection with either clonal (Group 1) or diverse (Group 2) challenge viruses, resulted in a reduction in CD4+ lymphocytes and an increase in CD8+ lymphocytes.

In this sense, ibrutinib has the ability to revert polarization of TCD4+ to Th1 lymphocytes to increase the cytotoxic ability of T CD8+ and to regulate tumor-induced immune tolerance by acting over tumor infiltrating cells activity and immunosuppressive cytokines release.

Moreover, vaccination induced an increase in CD8(+) T-cell binding to HLA tetramers containing the relevant peptides and an increased frequency of CD45RA(+) CCR7(-) (terminally differentiated effectors) and CD45RA(-) CCR7(-) (effector memory) cells.

When CD8+ T cell responses were stratified by disease severity, an increased number of terminally differentiated, memory phenotype (CD45RA+ CD27- CCR7- CD57+) T cells were detected in patients suffering from viral neuroinvasion.

The frequency of CD8+ T cells was increased in SFMCs, and these CD8+ T cells were primarily comprised of CD45RA- memory T cells expressing CD69 and/or CD103.

In addition, there are a decreasing trend in terms of CD4+ T-cell counts and an increase CD8+ HLA-DR/CD8+ T-cell and CD8+ CD38+/CD8+ T-cell percentages in the advanced stage.

Rather, CD49a supports CD8+ TRM persistence within skin, regulates epidermal CD8+ TRM dendritic extensions, and increases the frequency of IFN-γ+ CD8+ TRM following local antigen challenge.

Further T cell subset analyses revealed that ILT4 expression was correlated with decreased CD8+T cell and increased Treg frequency in both cancer nest and stroma, but not with altered CD4+T cell frequency.

These results show nivolumab causes opposing effects on CD4+ and CD8+ cell populations, with CD4+ cell levels declining but increasing the proportion of Treg cells, and unconventional CD8+ T-cell levels increasing with increased expression of immune mediators by CD8+ T-cell subpopulations.

Addition of CD80-Fc to STEAP1 vaccine formulation mimicked the engagement provided by DCs and increased T cell responses to STEAP1 by 8-fold, significantly increasing the frequency of antigen-specific cells expressing IFNγ, TNFα, and CD107a for both CD8+ and CD4+ T cells.

Similarly, higher PD-1\240\+\240\CD244\240\+\240\CD3+ and PD-1\240\+\240\CD244\240\+\240\CD8+ T cells were found in BM, and an increased tendency for PD-1 + CD244 + CD4+ T cells was also detected in this group.

In the PEG-rhG-CSF group, the proportions of CD3+ T and CD4+ T cells had increased significantly (P = 0.002, P = 0.02, respectively), whereas there was no increase in CD8+ T cells.

Moreover, we found GMSCs significantly reduced cell infiltration of CD8+ cells, Th1 and Th17 cells, whereas increased CD4+Foxp3+ regulatory T cells (Tregs) differentiation in lymph nodes.

The enhanced efficacy was associated with the increased CD8 + T cell increased effector memory T cells (CD44 + CD8 + CD62L+), decreased Treg (CD4 + CD25 + Foxp3+) and M2 macrophages (F4/80 + CD206+) in the tumor microenvironment.

Following PHA/IL-2 activation, CD8+ T cells from STAT4 risk allele carriers displayed increased levels of STAT4 resulting in increased pSTAT4 in response to IL-12 and IFN-α, and an augmented IL-12-induced IFN-γ production in CD8+ and CD4+ T cells.

Bone marrow-derived dendritic cells displayed a different surface marker profile in the presence of 1, 25 (OH) 2 D3 with decreased MHC II, CD86 and CD80 and increased CCR5, DEC205, F4/80 and CD40, as well as lower IL6 and IL12 expression upon LPS/IFNγ stimulation.

Collectively, we revealed that CD8+ T cells regulated by CD4+CD25+ Tregs in the early stage are key contributors to the development of Der f-induced skin lesions via increasing mast cell infiltration, indicating that CD8+ T and Tregs could be potential therapeutic targets for atopic dermatitis.

The CD8-depleted group indicated increased levels of CD40L, interferon-gamma, interleukin (IL)-10, IL-6, and tumor necrosis factor-α.

She has a history of childhood-onset antibody defects, cytopenias, and T lymphocytic pneumonitis and colitis, with reduced peripheral blood memory B, memory CD8+ T, and regulatory T cells and increased CXCR3+ tissue-homing CD4 T cells.

VACV-specific CD8(+) T cells underwent increased apoptosis in the absence of CD4 help, but proliferated normally and had cytotoxic potential, regardless of infection route.

These findings indicate a critical role for memory CD4+ T cell-graft DC interactions to increase the intensity of endogenous memory CD8+ T cell activation needed to mediate rejection of higher-risk allografts subjected to increased CIS.

Although PTPN2 deficiency in CD8+ T cells alone was able to drive the destruction of pancreatic β-cells and the onset of diabetes, T-cell-specific PTPN2 deficiency was also accompanied by increased CD4+ T-helper type 1 differentiation and T-follicular-helper cell polarization and increased the abundance of B cells in pancreatic islets as seen in human type 1 diabetes.

Serum from high-fat diet-fed mice also enhanced the expression of the costimulatory molecule CD86 on cultured MCs, whereas OVA peptide-loaded MCs increased OT-II CD4+ T cell proliferation in vitro.

These mice also had significantly more IL-2 and less IL-4 Env-specific CD8+ T cells than controls, correlating with an increased percentage of Env-specific central memory CD4+ and CD8+ T cells.

After CD8 T-cell depletion, viremia increased and CD4 T cells decreased in all animals except the Rx-6h group.

Circulating CD8 T cells were greatly increased while CD4 T cell numbers remained in the range found in asymptomatic seropositive persons.

CD8+ T-cell responses to the DEC205 targeted DNA vaccines increased only slightly by adding either the TLR-9 ligand CpG, the TLR-3 ligand Poly I:C, or CD40 ligand expression plasmids.

These results suggest that the loss of CD28 expression during differentiation of memory/effector CD8+ T cells represents a decisive step in establishing regulation of responding CD8+ T cells increasing the dependence on CD4+ Th for proliferation after target recognition, and has implications for the treatment of viral disease with adoptively transferred CD8+ T cells.

Activation of CD4+ lymphocytes increased their susceptibility to CD8+ CTL-mediated lysis.

The decrease of soluble HLA-G correlated with the decrease of plasma HIV-RNA level and CD8(+) T-lymphocytes number and with the increase of CD4(+) T-lymphocytes number.

MHC II protein (HLA-DP,-DQ,-DR) levels and infiltration by CD4+ T-helper cells of tumor stroma increased upon NSAID treatment, while CD8+ cytotoxic T-lymphocytes increased in both tumor stroma and epithelium.

TCR tgCD4+ T cells showed increased cytotoxic features over time with similar functional avidity compared to tgCD8+ cells after 5-6 weeks of culture.

Sustained tolerance was accompanied with a reduction of IGRP+CD8+ autoreactive T cells and an increase in insulin-reactive (InsB12-20 or InsB13-2) Foxp3+CD4+ Tregs, with a specific accumulation of Foxp3+ Tregs around the insulin-containing islet grafts after CT with proinsulin.

Chronic carriage of human papillomavirus infection leads to decrease in the CD3+, CD4+, and CD19+ levels associated with an increased CD8+ level and activation of proinflammatory cytokines (IL-2, IL-6, TNF-α) against the background of a decrease in their anti-inflammatory concentration analogues (IL-4, IL- 10) during pregnancy, which, in turn, creates favourable conditions for viral reactivation and subsequently causes reproductive complications and losses.

This study showed that the administration of pistachio oil and PEGNLPUOs at a concentration of 10 % v/v decreased the number and percentage of Th1(CD4+) and increased Th2(CD8+) cells.

Following LCMV infection, Sphk2-/- CD4+ T cells displayed increased activity and proliferation, and these cells promoted overactive LCMV Cl 13-specific CD8+ T cell responses.

But distinctive from the interleukin 10-expressing CD4+ T cells, which increased in frequency in advanced cancer, the interleukin 10-expressing CD8+ T cells did not increase with cancer stage in the peripheral blood and actually decreased with cancer stage in resected tumor.

Specifically, CCR2(+) CD4(+) LPLs were increased (p = 0.002) whereas CCR2(+) CD8(+) LPLs were not.

All forms of atypical lymphocytosis are characterized by a marked increase in activated CD8-positive T cells, a moderate increase in NK cells, and no increase in CD4-positive T cells and B cells.

After SIV infection, CD4(+) T cells were markedly reduced, and increased proliferation and absolute numbers of CD8(+) T cells were detected in the liver.

We show that the reconstitution capacity of transferred isolated naïve CD8(+) T cells and their differentiation of effector functions is limited, but both dramatically increase upon the co-transfer of CD4(+) T cells.

In correlation with CXCR4 expression, CD4 T cells showed increased migration in response to CXCL12 compared with CD8 T cells and NK cells.

FACS analysis showed a marked decrease of CD8+T cells and an increase of CD4+T cells following treatment.

In multivariate analysis, posttreatment decrease in CD8+ T cells and B cells and increase in CD4+/CD8+ ratio were indicated as independent predictors of poor efficacy.

During the first year of HAART, CD4/CD8 ratios increased gradually, and CD8+ T lymphocyte counts decreased continually.

We demonstrated that enhanced expression of the costimulatory molecules CD80, CD54 and CD48 (designated rF-TRICOM) on target cells, as delivered via a recombinant fowlpox vector, results in an increased state of stimulation of CD8+ T cells, and consequent increased lysis of target cells.

Everolimus decreased effector regulatory T\240\cells, but also decreased IL‑2‑producing CD4+\240\T\240\cells and increased dysfunctional CD8+\240\T\240\cells.

The genes implicated in T cell activation were significantly downregulated in CD4+ and increased in CD8+ of the anti-PIBF-treated animals.

The AA mice displayed pancytopenia, decreased CD4+/CD8+ cell ratio increased perforin and granzyme levels in CD8+ cells, increased costimulatory CD80 and CD86 expressions, and inadequate regulatory T cell number.

The AA mice displayed pancytopenia, decreased CD4+/CD8+ cell ratio, increased perforin and granzyme levels in CD8+ cells increased costimulatory CD80 and CD86 expressions, and inadequate regulatory T cell number.

Upregulation of PD-1 and Tim-3 and the exhausted phenotype of CD4+ and CD8+ T cells in the BM of AML patients may contribute to mediating the leukemic immunosuppressive microenvironment, and increased PD-1 + Tim-3+ CD8+ T cells may be related to T cell dysfunction in AML, which may influence clinical outcome.

Flow cytometry revealed that the value of CD4+/CD8+ in the mBYD group increased and that the proportions of CD8+PD-1+ T cells and PD-1+Treg cells were decreased when compared to the control group.

We found that apoptosis occurred in T cells after cocultured with IDO+2LL cells and the proportion of CD4+CD25+ cells and FoxP3+ cells increased while CD8+ cells decreased.

Radiosensitization after PD-L1 blockade was associated with reduced CD11b+Gr1+ myeloid cell infiltration and enhanced CD45+CD8+ T-cell infiltration with concomitant upregulation of T-cell activation markers including CD69, CD44, and FasL, and increased CD8:Treg ratio.

Whereas much attention has in the past focused on CD8-positive cytotoxic T cells recognizing MHC class I presented epitopes, the increasing demand to validate TCRs expressed on neoepitope-reactive CD4 T cells requires the implementation of large-scale T cell activation-based readout assays to complement existing multimer and cytotoxicity-based assays.

A functional assay with fresh murine thymocytes co-cultured with mTECs showed that single-positive (SP) CD4 and CD8 thymocyte adhesion was increased after Dicer KD and most adherent subtype was CD8 SP cells.

Interestingly class II HER2-DC1 led to both increased CD4 and CD8 T cells in the tumor microenvironment while class I peptides typically resulted in only increased CD8 T cells.

The change was associated with a decrease in CD103+CD8+ effector T cells and an increase in CD4+CD25+ regulatory T cells.

Thus, KPF contributes to suppress the activated pro-inflammatory cytokines, IL-9, IL-13, CD8+T and neurochemicals, and to increase anti-inflammatory cytokines and CD4+T levels.

Transient CD4+ T cell depletion led to the proliferation of tumor-specific CD8+ T cells in the draining lymph node and increased infiltration of PD-1+CD8+ T cells into the tumor, which resulted in strong anti-tumor effects in tumor-bearing mice.

CD8(+) T cells subsets and MHC-I molecules showed significant increase in contrast to CD4(+) subsets.

Notably, the proportion of CD4+ MAIT cells increased with age, whereas that of CD8+ MAIT cells decreased with age.

These changes in TEC differentiation and MHC expression led to a significant reduction in thymocyte numbers, reduced positive selection of CD4+CD8+ cells to the CD4 lineage, and increased CD8 cell differentiation.

Endogenous memory CD4+ and CD8+ T cell activation is markedly increased within complete MHC-mismatched cardiac allografts subjected to prolonged versus minimal CIS, and the memory CD8+ T cells directly mediate CTLA-4Ig-resistant allograft rejection.

CD11chiMHCII+CD4+ DCs were identified as plasmacytoid DCs (pDCs) that had acquired an activated phenotype according to their increased expression of MHC class II and CD86.

Moreover, CD47 blockade not only increased the number of intratumoral CD8+ T cells, but also remodeled the T cell cluster toward a more activated one.

Similarly, treating wild-type mice with a CD47 antibody that blocks thrombospondin-1 binding delayed B16 melanoma growth, associating with increased NK cell recruitment and increased granzyme B and interferon-γ levels in intratumoral NK but not CD8+ T cells.

We show here that CD43-/- mice were more resistant to infection due to increased cytotoxicity of antigen specific CD8+ T cells and reduced inflammatory infiltration in the cardiac tissue, both contributing to lower cardiomyocyte damage.

HIV infection is characterized by progressive depletion of CD4+ T cells due to their reduced synthesis and increased destruction followed by marked activation and expansion of CD8+ T lymphocytes.

rhIL-7 immunotherapy in CD4-depleted mice also increased the number of gamma interferon (IFN-γ)-positive CD8(+) central memory T lymphocytes in the lungs.

CD8+ T-cell counts usually increase soon after infection with HIV, whereas CD4+ cell counts decrease.

SAHA increased CD83 expression of TEL/AML1-positive blasts in conditions without ILs, and SAHA and VAL increased the number of CD86(+) 80 (-) cells in the presence of ILs.

Whereas T cell infiltration in the brain of APPPS1 mice is dominated by CD3(+) CD8(-) T cells and increases with disease evolution between 4 and 7 months of age, a predominance of CD3(+) CD8(+) over CD3(+) CD8(-) cells was observed in 6-to 7-month-old APPPS1 but not in WT animals, only after vaccination with Aβ33-41NP.

Among the activated CD8+ T cell phenotypes, CD8+CD38+ T cell population shows more than five fold increase in apoptosis due to loss of MLK3, and the expression of TNFRSF1a is significantly higher in CD8+CD38+ T cells.

Together, these findings demonstrate that CD28(null) CD8+ memory T cells proliferate normally in response to IL-15 and that IL-15 and its induced cytokines regulate the generation and growth of CD28(null) CD8+ T cells, suggesting a possible role of IL-15 in the increase in CD28(null) CD8+ T cells that occurs with aging.

Our data reveal that, during primary SIV infection, despite intense CD8 T cell activation and an increase in CCR5 expression, which are considered as essential for optimal effector function of CD8(+) T cells, these changes are associated with a poor prognosis for disease progression to AIDS.

Furthermore, CD8-SF and the concentrations of RANTES, MIP-1alpha and MIP-1beta increased with secondary immunizations, suggesting that memory CD8+ cells are involved.

In 10 clinically stable, chronically infected individuals, the frequency of HIV Gag (SL9)-specific CD8(+) T cells was increased in GALT relative to peripheral blood mononuclear cells by up to 4.6-fold, while that of cytomegalovirus (CMV)-specific CD8(+) T cells was significantly reduced (P = 0.012).

Among CD8+ T cells, the frequency of cells producing IL-2 and IL-17 after stimulation was increased during natalizumab treatment, as was the frequency of CD8+ T cells expressing CD58 and CCR5 ex vivo.

The data show that CCR5+CD8+ T cells have an effector memory phenotype and increase with age in systemic and mucosal lymphoid tissues as a heterogeneous population of polyfunctional CD8 T cells.

Before HD, the median proportion of CD8+ effector cells, CD8+ CCR5+ effector cells, and HLA-DR+ regulatory T cells as well as the median concentration of soluble CD30 increased and naive CD8+ T cells decreased.

The combination of stereotactic radiotherapy and ICB led to long-term survival in a subset of mice and was associated with favorable CD8 effector-to-Treg ratios and increased intratumoral density of antigen-specific CD8+ T cells.

The expression of molecules important for directing the homing of CD8+ T cells between the circulation and lymphoid tissues, in particular CCR5 and CXCR3 is increased in CD8+ T cells in circulation and in inflamed tissues during HIV-1 infection.

The expression of molecules important for directing the homing of CD8+ T cells between the circulation and lymphoid tissues, in particular CCR5 and CXCR3, is increased in CD8+ T cells in circulation and in inflamed tissues during HIV-1 infection.

these disturbances in the homing capacity of CD8+ T cells have been linked to increased CD8+ T-cell proliferation.

The upregulation of CCR5 on the surface of the CD8(+) T cells increases the number of contacts with Ag-bearing dendritic cells, which ultimately results in increased CD8(+) T cell response to Ag rechallenge.

As we understand more about the immune response to SARS-CoV-2 it appears that a functional CTL (CD8+) response is required to clear the infection and COVID-19 severity is increased as the CD8+ response becomes somehow diminished or exhausted.

Surprisingly, the frequency of CMV specific CD8+ T cells increased up to 30 % of CD8+ T-cells at day 27 after transplantation.

Three, five, and seven days after co-cultivation the value of IFN-gamma in the supernatants of the culture fluid of CD8(+) T cells with fused cells, DCs, HCCLM3 cells, and mixed DCs-HCCLM3 cells increased gradually, especially in the supernatants of the culture fluid of CD8(+) T cells with dendritoma cells (400 pg/ml +/- 60 pg/ml 3 days after, 1030 pg/ml +/- 160 pg/ml 5 days after, and 1260 pg/L +/- 180 pg/L 7 days after).

Since the diversity and size of the memory CD8+ T cell population increase with age, we questioned whether IM was mediated by the reactivation of memory CD8+ T cells specific to previously encountered pathogens but cross-reactive with EBV.

CD8 T cells positive for the WT1 tetramer were generated following 3-4 weeks of culture and CD8(+)/WT1 tetramer+ T cells were markedly increased in caTLR4-PMDC11-primed CD8(+) T cell culture compared with PMDC11 or LPS-stimulated PMDC11-primed CD8(+) T cell culture.

Finally, in the AOM/DSS-induced colonic adenocarcinoma model CD80 signaling inhibition significantly increased the frequency and extension of high-grade dysplasia, whereas enhancing CD80 activity with an anti-CTLA4 antibody significantly decreased colonic dysplasia.

HLA-A2(+)/MAM-A(+) breast cancer patients have an increased prevalence of CD8 T cells specific for these novel MAM-A epitopes, and vaccination with a MAM-A DNA vaccine significantly increases the number of these CD8 T cells.

Altogether, these data establish a link between HPV infection and OLP pathogenesis by identifying a massive clonal expansion of CD8+ T cells with increased frequency of HPV 16-specific CD8+ T cells in OLP patients.

The frequency of Chlamydia-specific, HLA-B27 tetramer-binding CD8+ T cells could be increased by stimulating CD8+ T cells ex vivo with Chlamydia-infected dendritic cells.

Although IL-2 induced significant expansions of CMV-specific CD8(+) T cells in LTNP and progressors by increasing both the numbers of cells entering the proliferating pool and the number of divisions, the proliferative capacity of a significant proportion of HIV-specific CD8(+) T cells was not restored with exogenous IL-2.

Taken together, these data suggest that the potent antiviral capacity of some HIV-specific CD8+ T cells is a consequence of factors in addition to TCR sequence that modulate functionality and contribute to the increased antiviral capacity of HIV-specific CD8+ T cells in elite controllers to inhibit HIV infection.

The amount of cytotoxic CD8+ EM cells increased in cases of miscarriage, whereas the expression of PD-1 in clonally expanded CD8+ EM cells was downregulated in preeclampsia cases.

The consumption of willow mitigated an increase in CD8+ in blood and triggered an increase in CD8+ in milk, suggesting an immune-regulatory effect independent of udder status.

The mice after ethanol consumption shows higher levels of HBV surface Ag (HBsAg), HBV core antigen (HBcAg) and HBV 3.5 kb RNA expression, and a lower level of CD8+ T cells during HBV persistence, with an increased lymphocyte activation gene-3 (LAG-3) expression on CD8+ T cell.

Further, NKG2D signaling during in vitro activation of both mouse and human CD8+ T cells resulted in an increased number of central memory CD8+ T cells and diabetes protection by central memory CD8+ T cells in vivo.

Flow cytometric evaluation of lymphocytes within these orthotopic tumors showed that GDF15 overexpression was associated with increased CD8 T cell numbers and an increased number and proportion of recently activated CD8+CD11c+ T cells and a reduced proportion of " exhausted" CD8+PD1+ T cells.

However, the levels of granzyme B, IFN-γ, and IL-4 in CD8+dT cells were increased significantly compared with those in CD8+pT cells.

Overall, these findings suggest that CD103 CD8 T cells in CD induce a tissue-wide alert increasing innate immune responses and recruitment of effector cells such as KLRG1 CD8 T cells.

Increased NK and CD8+ T cell tumoral infiltration with an increased CD8+/Treg ratio were found by flow cytometry and IHC in hetIL-15 treated animals.

Mogamulizumab treatment resulted in CCR4+ T-cell depletion, and the consequent lymphopenia provoked homeostatic CD8+ T-cell proliferation, as evidenced by increased expressions of CD8B and CD8A, which were significantly greater in patients with skin-related AEs than in those without them.

Finally, effects of anti-CD38 mAb therapy were validated in a CLL-patient-derived xenograft model in vivo, which showed decreased percentage of Bregs, Tregs, and PD1+CD38hiCD8+ T cells, but increased Th17 and CD8+ T cells (vs vehicle).

CD8 depletion appeared to dysregulate early antiviral responses and possibly increase viral persistence, but the absence of CD8 T cells ultimately did not impair control of the virus.

CD8 T cells infiltration significantly increased in tumor microenvironment, and IFN-γ secretion by CD8+ T cells in draining lymph nodes also increased.

The density of CD8+TILs in the tumor-invasive margin increased significantly after neoadjuvant therapy, and there was no significant difference in density changes of CD8+TILs between the NCRT and NCT groups (p = 0.118).

In total CD8+ T cells, TIGIT mRNA increased more rapidly than PD-1 mRNA, and TIGIT+ CD8+ T cells upregulated PD-1 more rapidly than TIGIT- CD8+ T cells.

While CD8+ T-cell epitopes had no influence on B-cell responses, the L2 polytope (8 mer) and OVX313-mediated heptamerization of the final antigen significantly increased CD8+ T-cell responses.

We show that chronic activation of 4-1 BB signals induced the accumulation of IFN-γ-producing PD-1+CD8+ T cells in the secondary lymphoid organs of tumor-bearing mice by increasing the number of dividing CD8+ T cells, which was beneficial for suppressing tumor growth in the early phase of anti-4-1BB induction.

Mechanically, Mn2+ promoted DC and macrophage maturation and tumor-specific antigen presentation, augmented CD8+ T cell differentiation, activation and NK cell activation, and increased memory CD8+ T cells.

The obvious increase of CD8α expression was observed in spleen of acute new type gosling viral enteritis virus (NGVEV) infected bird, while the increase of CD8α were observed in the thymus, bursa of fabricius, and cecum of chronic infected bird.

Self-antigen [ mouse thyroglobulin (mTg) ] presentation by GM-CSF-exposed CD8a- DCs to T cells from mTg-primed mice induced a profound increase in the frequency of forkhead box P3 (FoxP3)-expressing T cells compared with antigen presentation by GM-CSF-exposed CD8a+ DCs and control CD8a+ and CD8a- DCs.

Following coculture with T cells, only BMDCs and CD11c(+)/CD8a(-) DCs and not CD11c(+)/CD8a(+) DCs displayed increased levels of surface CD86, and further, coculturing these DCs with a fresh set of T cells attenuated Th1 responses and increased suppressor responses.

Despite having better overall survival, animals lacking functional CD8+ T-cells had delayed removal of necrotic tissue, leading to poor scar formation and increased cardiac rupture, suggesting that CD8+ T-cells play a dual role in the cardiac remodeling process.

Additionally, JNJ-treated and irradiation-exposed BTBR mice exhibited decreases in IL-17A-, RORγT-, IL-22-, T-bet-, and STAT3-producing CD8+ T cells and increases in ICOS- and Foxp3-producing CD8+ T cells.

Conversely, temsirolimus decreased programmed cell death protein 1 + CD8+\240\T\240\cells and eMDSCs, but increased interferon‑γ and tumor necrosis factor‑α double producers at the same time as decreasing dysfunctional CD8+\240\T\240\cells, albeit not significantly.

Analyses of CD8+ cell subpopulations showed nivolumab caused an increase in levels of unconventional CD8dimCD3+ T-cells.

Patients with decreasing CD8 or CD163 scores between pretreatment and posttreatment samples showed more pCR, whereas those with increasing CD8 or decreasing IL33 IC scores showed a worse CSS.

In patients\ PBMC, upon p53 activation followed by 6 days of anti-CD3/CD28 stimulation, CD8+ Treg and activated CD8+ Teff were increased while CD8+ Teff were decreased.

CD8+ Teff PD1+, CD8+ Teff PD1low were increased upon p53 activation in type 1 diabetics compared to controls while CD8+ Teff PD1high were increased in both groups.

Using the previously identified memory B cell markers CD80, PD-L2, and CD73, we found an increase in the frequency of CD80-PD-L2-CD73+ B cells up to 55 days after a primary PyNL infection and at 4-6 days following a second PyNL infection.

Whereas the Kras vaccine significantly increased antigen-specific intracellular IFN-γ and granzyme B levels in CD8+ T cells, avasimibe significantly increased the number of tumor-infiltrating CD8+ T cells.

We show that CD81(-/-) mice are less susceptible than wild-type mice to systemic Listeria infection, which correlates with increased numbers of inflammatory monocytes and DCs in CD81(-/-) spleens, the main subsets controlling early bacterial burden.

The expression levels of surface molecules of DCs, including integrin alpha‑X and T‑lymphocyte activation antigen CD86, were significantly increased by BCG in the vitamin D‑deficient mice model group compared with the control group, while those of T‑lymphocyte activation antigen CD80, major histocompatibility complex class I and major histocompatibility complex class\240\II were significantly decreased.

Here, we report that treatment with LG 268, but not bexarotene, decreased infiltration of myeloid-derived suppressor cells and CD206-expressing macrophages, increased the expression of PD-L1 by 50 %, and increased the ratio of CD8/CD4, CD25 T cells, which correlates with increased cytotoxic activity of CD8 T cells in tumors of MMTV-Neu mice (a model of HER2-positive breast cancer).

Together, these results suggest that increased CD80 levels promote increased CD8+ T cells, leading to exacerbated eye disease in HSV-1-infected mice.

In this study, we show that eye disease is independent of the level of HSV-1 replication and that viral expression of CD80 has a detrimental role in corneal scarring, likely by increasing CD8+ T cell recruitment and activation.

Moreover, PD-1 ligation in CD8+ T\240\cells activates STAT3 to increase FAO, inhibiting CD8+ T effector cell glycolysis and functions.

Characterization of the immune infiltrates in EMT-6 tumors reveals increased CD8+ T cells increased CD8+ IFNγ+ CTLs, and an increased CD8/regulatory T-cell (Treg) ratio.

Characterization of the immune infiltrates in EMT-6 tumors reveals increased CD8+ T cells, increased CD8+ IFNγ+ CTLs, and an increased CD8/regulatory T-cell (Treg) ratio.

This correlates with superior CD8 T cell memory including reduced expression of the exhaustion markers PD-1 and LAG-3 on these cells and increased numbers of memory CD8 T cells in the liver.

The combination of ENG-Apt/mIP-10-LP nanocapsules with adoptive TRP2CD8+ T cells, showed stronger abilities in inhibiting tumor growth and increasing animal survival time, thereby displayed an enhanced anti-melanoma tumor efficacy, due to the recruitment of both endogenous CD8+ T cells and exogenous TRP2CD8+ T cells in vivo.

Mechanistic analyses of virus-specific CD8 T-cells in mice revealed that the increase in IFNg producing CD8 T-cells was due to bystander activation of Ag-experienced memory CD8 T-cells, and correlated with the proportion of Ag-experienced CD8 T-cells in the stimulated populations.

Including Ad-Ii-SIVCErvv in the homologous prime-boost not only elicited accessory antigen-specific CD8+ memory T-cells, but also significantly increased the ratio of Gag- to Env-specific CD8+ T-cells.

In both mice and humans, the CD8 T cell compartment is expanded with age in the presence of a cytomegalovirus (CMV) infection due to an absolute increase in the CD8+ T cell effector memory (TEM) cells.

Results from the flow cytometry analysis confirmed depletion of CD8+ T cells in spleens of mice administered with DFO-anti-CD8wt, whereas an increase in CD8+ T cells was shown with DFO-anti-CD8degly.

IL-33 reduced the percentage of TNF-α+ and IFN-γ+ CD8+ T cells while increasing the frequency of CD8+ T cells that express inhibitory molecules (PD-1, KLRG-1 and CTLA-4).

Notably, increased numbers of PD-1 positive CD8 T cells were found in draining lymph nodes, peripheral blood and tumor tissues three days after 10 mg/kg oxaliplatin treatment, and increased numbers of CD8 T cells and apoptotic tumor cells were detected at the edge of tumor tissues.

BCG treatment reduced tumor growth, increasing local CD8+-infiltrating cells and induced a systemic increase in CD8+ and a reduction in Treg.

Vaccine-specific and overall CD8+ TILs were increased over vaccine (sevenfold and fourfold, respectively), as well as the proportion of TILs that were CD8+ (twofold).

Activated tumor CD8+ T cells were increased fivefold by p50-IMC compared with WT-IMC, and antibody-mediated CD8+ T cell depletion obviated slower tumor growth induced by 5 FU followed by p50-IMC.

CD8+ T\240\cell-intrinsic genetic deletion of Fcgr2b increased CD8+ effector T\240\cell accumulation, resulting in accelerated graft rejection and decreased tumor volume in mouse models.

The CD8+CD44lowCD62Lhigh cell fraction was significantly reduced and that of CD8+CD44lowCD62LhighSca-1+ increased in splenic CD8+ cells of old mice, both actions of which were reversed by BMSC injections.

Meanwhile, successfully delivering antigens into the CD8α+ DCs resulted in the increased cross presentation of antigens and the enhanced generation of effector CD8+ T cell.

Further, on analysis of B-chain and signal peptide (SP) specific CD8+ T cell responses separately, we again observed decrease in TEM subset in both the groups, while increase in naive (TN) subset was observed in B-chain specific CD8+ T cells only.

Systemic treatment of orthotopic pancreatic cancer-bearing mice with the MDA5 ligand resulted in activated CD8+ T cell tumor infiltration, an increased frequency of tumor antigen-specific CD8+ T cells and an immunogenic cytokine milieu in the tumor microenvironment.

Using mouse polyomavirus, we show that brain-resident mouse polyomavirus-specific CD8 T cells, unlike memory cells in the spleen, progressively increase binding to MHC class I tetramers and CD8 coreceptor expression.

Murine CMV (MCMV) infection induces effector CD8(+) T cells that continue to increase in frequency after acute infection (" inflation") and are stably maintained at a high frequency, with up to 20 % of the CD8(+) T-cell compartment being specific for one epitope, although the flexibility and turnover of these populations is not fully defined.

Response required T cells and also short-lived myeloid cells and was dependent on the long noncoding RNA myeloid regulator Morrbid Using unbiased random forest machine learning, we built unique, contextual signatures for each therapeutic component, revealing that (i) radiotherapy triggers an early proinflammatory stimulus, ablating existing intratumoral T cells and upregulating MHC class I and CD86 on antigen-presenting cells, (ii) αCD40 causes a systemic and intratumoral reorganization of the myeloid compartment, and (iii) ICB increases intratumoral T-cell infiltration and improves the CD8 T-cell:regulatory T-cell ratio.

Further analyses revealed that DXd upregulated CD86 expression on bone marrow-derived dendritic cells (DC) in vitro and that DS-8201a increased tumor-infiltrating DCs and upregulated their CD86 expression in vivo DS-8201a also increased tumor-infiltrating CD8+ T cells and enhanced PD-L1 and MHC class I expression on tumor cells.

IFNγ, which is produced by CD8+ T cells, can increase the expression of MHC class I antigens by tumor cells, thereby rendering them better targets for CD8+ T cells.

CD80 and CD86 were also increased on monocytes and CCR5(+) T cells after HIV exposure, but only CD80 was IFN-alpha-dependent.

The slow decrease in the rate of CD8(+) T-cell response and rapid increase in response to recurrent viral replication suggest that the decrease in CD8(+) T-cell response observed represents a normal memory response to withdrawal of antigen.

Furthermore, loss of alveolar macrophages significantly skewed the lung CD8(+) T-cell response toward a terminally differentiated effector memory population and increased the percentage of IFN-γ(+) CD8(+) T-cells.

These responses are characterized by increased numbers of Gag-specific tetramer+ CD8+ T cells and increases in production of IFNγ, TNFα, and IL2, by Gag-specific CD8+ T cells.

Adoptive cell transfer experiments further demonstrated that antigen spreading-induced CD8+ T cells conferred efficacious therapeutic effects against established WT-AB1 mesothelioma and prevented the increase of exhausted PD-1+ and Tim-3+ CD8+ T cells.

HIV-1-specific CD8 TSCM cells had increased abilities to secrete interleukin-2 in response to viral antigen, while secretion of gamma interferon (IFN-γ) was more limited in comparison to alternative HIV-1-specific CD8 T cell subsets.

Among them, 197 (19.1 %) participants expressed willingness to use the TDF group at baseline survey, but only 26 (2.5 %) participated in the TDF group and took TDF one tablet a day.

Together, these data suggest a mechanism by which SRY induces Sox9 and Er71 transcription early in testis differentiation, whereas ER71 and SOX9 participate in an autoregulatory loop to sustain each other\s expression after Sry expression has subsided in mice.

Linear regression models were applied to assess the associations between the duration of in utero TDF exposure and change in FLZ and HLZ.

In multivariate analysis, there was no association between duration of in utero TDF exposure per 1-week increment and change in FLZ (ß =.

Because of the high incidence of intolerable side effects observed with protease inhibitor- and zidovudine-based NPEP regimens, our unit changed standard NPEP treatment to 28 days of tenofovir-lamivudine-stavudine (TDF-3TC-d4T).

The association between \ β2 M after TDF\ and longitudinal changes in eGFR after initiation of TDF was estimated with a mixed-model.

In this post hoc analysis, we defined the TDF effect as the difference between mean 48-week BMD per cent changes for lumbar spine and hip in individuals randomized to TDF versus abacavir.

TDF changes the relationship of 25-OHD to PTH, suggesting that in persons using TDF for PrEP or cART, a higher than usual target for serum 25-OHD concentration might be needed to reduce PTH and optimize bone health.

In HIV-1 treatment-naive adults, DOR/3TC/TDF demonstrated non-inferior efficacy to EFV/FTC/TDF at week 48 and was well tolerated, with significantly fewer neuropsychiatric events and minimal changes in LDL-C and non-HDL-C compared with EFV/FTC/TDF.

The project took a novel approach to intervention mapping utilizing the following steps: (1) an exploration of explicit and tacit theory and theoretical constructs within the interventions using the Theoretical Domains Framework (TDFv2), (2) retrospective coding of behaviour change techniques (BCTs) using the BCT Taxonomy v1, and (3) an investigation of coherent links between the TDF domains and BCTs across the interventions.

Determining how functional traits predict TDF tree species\ responses to changing environmental conditions could elucidate mechanisms underlying tree performance during TDF succession.

TDF-induced receptors (AhR2 and PXR) changed many genes involved in steroid metabolism, and subsequent disruptions in steroid homeostasis, which might be the key biological pathway in TDF reproductive toxicity.

Further study revealed that knocking-down of Sry expression resulted in feminization of gonad development in mouse embryos and the expression level of Sox9 and Wt1 gene was also significantly changed by downregulation of Sry.

To our knowledge, this study is the first to produce a stable Sry knock-in line at the C-terminal region, highlighting a novel approach for examining the significance of amino acid changes at the naive Sry locus in mammals.

FGF23 increased in the TDF group receiving VITD, but there was no FGF23 change in the no-TDF group receiving VITD or the PL groups.

No putative TDF resistance change was detected after prolonged use of TDF.

Urinary β2 M measured within 180 days after initiation of TDF predicts renal dysfunction related to long-term TDF use.

TDFs related to protein ubiquitination and proteolysis were induced in B-deficient leaves except for one TDF, while only two down-regulated TDFs associated with ubiquitination were detected in B-deficient roots.

Male sex determination is mediated sequentially by sex-determining region Y (SRY) and related SRY-box 9 (SOX9) transcription factors.

We recently showed that the developmentally important family of SOX (SRY (sex determining region on the Y chromosome)-related high mobility group (HMG) box) proteins require the calcium-binding protein calmodulin (CaM) for optimal nuclear accumulation, with clinical mutations in SRY that specifically impair nuclear accumulation via this pathway resulting in XY sex reversal.

One gene known to be downstream from Sry in this cascade is Sox9, which encodes a transcription factor related to Sry by the HMG box.

SRY belongs to a family of genes that are related by sequence homology within the DNA-binding domain: the genes most similar to SRY (& gt.

The aims of the study were to describe the clinical presentation and renal and bone abnormalities in a case series of HIV-infected patients receiving treatment with tenofovir (TDF), and to recommend appropriate screening for toxicity related to TDF.

At Week 96 of the Single-Tablet Regimen (STaR) study, more treatment-naïve subjects that received rilpivirine/emtricitabine/tenofovir DF (RPV/FTC/TDF) developed resistance mutations compared to those treated with efavirenz (EFV)/FTC/TDF by population sequencing.

In collaboration with the wider Framework Committee, a subgroup considered all 14 TDF domains and iteratively developed recommendations for incorporating intersectionality considerations within the TDF and its domains.

Two overarching considerations for using the intersectionality alongside the TDF were developed by the group as well as two to four prompts for each TDF domain to guide interview topic guides.

Our findings suggest that both SRY and SOX9 contribute to the male-specific upregulation of Cbln4 in the developing testis, and they identified a direct in vivo target gene of SRY.

In the absence of Sry expression, neither XX nor XY gonads develop testes, and alterations in Sry expression are often associated with abnormal sexual differentiation.

SRY transcripts are also present in a variety of extra-gonadal tissues in the developing young and adult male, a pattern of SRY expression similar to that observed in humans.

In particular, we discuss: (1) the nature and extent of TDF-associated kidney toxicity in the HIV-infected population, (2) potential underlying mechanisms of toxicity in the proximal tubule, (3) risk factors for developing tubular dysfunction, and (4) suggested strategies to monitor patients on TDF therapy.

We describe HIV-1 evolutionary dynamics in the 4 participants from the TDF2-PrEP trial who became HIV-1 infected while prescribed emtricitabine and tenofovir disoproxil fumarate (FTC/TDF).

To compare clinical, immunological, and virological outcomes between co-formulated TDF/FTC+EFV and the co-formulated EFV/FTC/TDF single-tablet regimen in patients infected with HIV-1 naive to ART, the data of patients (n = 231) who initiated either TDF/FTC+EFV (n = 155) or EFV/FTC/TDF (n = 76) between January 1, 2007 and June 1, 2010 were analyzed.

By tracking male donor-derived sry+ HC in the BM of infected female sry- recipients, we show the CD8+ T cells allow for successful donor HC engraftment and thereby prevent CMV-associated BM aplasia.

Relative to HIV-1, both SIV and RT-SHIV exhibited reduced sensitivities to AZT, 3 TC and TDF in MDMs but not in activated CD4(+) T cells.

To describe the i ncidence a nd cha racteristics of Tenofovir (TDF) induced nephrotoxicity among people living with HIV AIDS (PLHA) receiving TDF based anti-retroviral therapy (ART) at Christian Medical College, Vellore.

FEN and TDF co-exposure also regulated the mRNA of vezf, hsp70, p53, gadd45α induced the synthesis of ROS and activity of GST, suggesting the synergistic potential of oxidative stress induced by FEN and TDF co-exposure.

The autosomal gene Sox9, a likely and possibly direct Sry target, can induce testis development in the absence of Sry.

Together with the previous finding that the human (h) SRY gene is unable to induce a male phenotype in genetically female transgenic mice, these observations raise questions concerning the DNA binding properties of SRY proteins.

In this study, we demonstrate that interaction of the human SRY with histone acetyltransferase p300 induces the acetylation of SRY both in vitro and in vivo at a single conserved lysine residue.

Identifying an agent that prevents tenofovir disoproxil fumarate (TDF)-induced renal injury can lead to better tolerance to TDF, and a more effective treatment can be achieved in HIV infected patients.

Patients failing non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor-based antiretroviral therapy with confirmed plasma HIV-1 viral load above 1000 copies/ml were randomly assigned to tenofovir/emtricitabine + lopinavir/ritonavir (control group as per WHO recommendations), abacavir + didanosine + lopinavir/ritonavir (ABC/ddI group) or tenofovir/emtricitabine + darunavir/ritonavir (DRV group) regimens.

Weak interactions between TDF and solvent molecules are present in both solvates leading to slight conformational distortions of TDF molecules.

Tenofovir released from TDF undergoes active renal secretion via organic anion transporters (OAT1 and OAT3)  leading to higher exposure of renal proximal tubules to tenofovir and a potential for renal adverse effects in a small subset of TDF-treated patients.

The SRY-box 9 (SOX9) gene has several important functions during testis development and differentiation in males, and overexpression of SOX9 leads to the male development of 46, XX gonads in the absence of SRY.

Mutations in SRY as well as WT1 can lead to diminished expression and function of SRY, resulting in sub-optimal SOX9 expression, Sertoli cell formation and subsequent lack of proper testicular development.

It is considered to be the direct target gene of the protein encoded by SRY and its overexpression in an XX murine gonad can lead to male development in the absence of Sry.

A recent study in our laboratory found that intermittent injections of TDF led to robust locomotor sensitization in response to challenge TDF after a 2-week withdrawal period.

We recently found in mice that intermittent TDF administration led to robust locomotor sensitization, a phenomenon reflecting neuronal plasticity, following challenge with the same TDF dose after a 2-week withdrawal period.

Preliminary studies show that intermittent intraperitoneal injections of TDF increase ambulatory and vertical activity across repeated injections [ Neurotoxicology (in press) ] leading to the hypothesis tested here, that exposure to TDF may influence the development and expression of behavioral sensitization, a model of psychostimulant-induced psychosis.

These genetic data, together with the finding that Sox9 is upregulated in Sertoli cell precursors just after SRY expression begins has led to the proposal that Sox9 could be directly regulated by SRY.

DNA bending appears to be part of the mechanism by which Sry influences transcription of genes downstream in a cascade of gene regulation leading to maleness, but the direct targets of Sry remain to be positively identified.

We demonstrate that the presence of long inverted repeats (IR) flanking the mouse Sry gene leads to the formation of the Sry circular transcript in cultured cells.

Co-administration of some HIV protease inhibitors (PIs) with tenofovir disoproxil fumarate (TDF), an oral prodrug of TFV, has been shown to increase systemic levels of TFV leading to a hypothesis that PIs may affect tubular secretion of TFV and potentially alter the renal safety of TDF.

The high solubility of TDF in ACE and MEK solvents combined with the ease of desolvation of the resulting solvated forms indicates the viability of the solvates use as intermediates in the TDF crystallization process.

Once-daily oral tenofovir disoproxil fumarate (TDF), alone or combined with emtricitabine (FTC-TDF), compared with placebo.

The sex difference in Ngn3 expression was determined by sex chromosomes, as demonstrated using the four core genotypes mouse model, in which a spontaneous deletion of the testis-determining gene Sry from the Y chromosome was combined with the insertion of the Sry gene onto an autosome.

We designed a novel SRY assay and combined it with a SRY assay from literature forming a duplex assay with the same fluorescent dye to increase detection of Y-chromosome at low cell-free fetal DNA or chimeric DNA concentrations.

The accuracies of AMELX/Y, SRY, and combined AMELX/Y+SRY analysis for fetal gender determination were 83.3 %, 82.1 %, and 97.5 %, respectively, compared with those of the invasive approach and the fetal gender outcome at birth (82 males and 80 females).

These results support a model in which delayed testis development is caused by the presence of particular DOM SRY protein isoforms and this combined with insufficient Sry expression, causes sex reversal.

Among higher-risk subgroups in the Partners PrEP Study, including groups solely of higher-risk women, both TDF alone and combined FTC/TDF PrEP had consistently high efficacy for HIV-1 protection.

However, the increased cell loading of TFV with TAF versus TDF observed in vivo suggests that TAF may retain activity against TDF-resistant mutant viruses.

Remarkably, several rodent species appear to determine sex in the absence of Sry and a Y chromosome, including the mole voles Ellobius lutescens and Ellobius tancrei, whereas Ellobius fuscocapillus of the same genus retained Sry.

In conclusion, a post-partum single-dose TDF/FTC tail does not prevent the selection of NNRTI resistance in women receiving pre-partum ZDV and intrapartum sd NVP to prevent mother-to-child HIV-1 transmission.

TDF use, PI use, TNF-α activity and advanced HIV disease are associated with changes in bone turnover markers, underscoring the complicated interaction between ART, bone turnover, inflammation and immune status, which extend beyond the OPG/RANKL system.

There was heterogeneity in the observed effect of TDF on bone density in young adults compared to older adults, suggesting that further investigation is required to understand the impact of age on BMD decline with TDF.

Our findings indicate either that the Col1a1 locus does not provide an appropriate context for the correct expression of Sry transgenes, or that the cis-sequences required for Sry expression in the developing gonads lie beyond 8 kb 5 \ of the TSS.

Whereas human SRY requires nucleocytoplasmic shuttling and coupled phosphorylation, mouse Sry contains a defective nuclear export signal analogous to a variant human SRY associated with inherited sex reversal.

TDF use can be considered in patients with preexisting or current renal dysfunction who have limited antiretroviral treatment options require TDF for fully active antiretroviral regimen, and can be closely monitored for incident worsening of renal function.

The overall percentage of patients initiated on TDF-based therapy increased between 2007-2008 and 2011-2012 from 3 % to 37 % in Kenya, 2 % to 34 % in Uganda, and 64 % to 87 % in Zambia.

After 4 months off TDF, lumbar spine BMD significantly increased by 12 % (Z score-3.5).

Prolonged use of TDF can cause renal toxicity with hypophosphataemia as fractional excretion progressively increased with duration of therapy unlike ZDV/3TC/NVP.

In TZM-bl cells, DPV induced the expression of the proinflammatory interleukin 8 (IL-8) gene while TDF significantly increased medroxyprogesterone acetate (MPA)-induced expression of the anti-inflammatory glucocorticoid-induced leucine zipper (GILZ) gene.

Significant, durable TGF-β expression was noted both in undifferentiated and chondrogenically induced hMSCs transduced with the candidate rAAV-hTGF-β vector for up to 21 days compared with rAAV-lacZ treatment, allowing for increased proliferative, metabolic, and chondrogenic activities via stimulation of the critical SOX9 (SRY [ sex-determining region Y]-related HMG [ high-mobility group] box 9) chondrogenic pathway.

Virologic suppression was more likely with TDF-FTC-efavirenz, and CD4 increase was higher with ZDV-3TC-lopinavir/r.

Age-, gender- and CD4-matched controls receiving TDF-sparing regimens were concomitantly enrolled.

The bone mineral density Z score decreased in the first 24 weeks of TDF treatment and was stable afterward.

Switching from ZDV/3TC to FTC/TDF led to an improvement in FMR, compared with progressive worsening of FMR in subjects receiving ZDV/3TC, showing that fat mass not only increased but was also distributed in a healthier way after the switch.

Switching from a ZDV/3TC-based to a TDF/FTC-based regimen led to a statistically significant improvement in limb fat, in contrast to the progressive loss of limb fat in subjects continuing ZDV/3TC.

In this study we show that FOXO1 transcription factor expression was restricted to the GC DZ and was required for DZ formation, since its absence in mice led to the loss of DZ gene programs and the formation of LZ-only GCs.

Chequerboard assay demonstrated that the combination of [ Cu(phendione) 3 ] (ClO4) 2 ·4H2O with MTZ leads to synergistic interaction, which suggests distinct mechanisms of action of the copper-phendione complex and avoiding the MTZ resistance pathways.

This review identified the number of TDF-related qualitative publications employing health care professional (HCP) or patient/public samples (stage 1) and investigated the specific methods used and impact on findings in research involving patient/public populations, with consideration of how TDF use could be optimized in such studies (stage 2).

We also found a LTR sequence at the distal end of a SRY duplication unit, suggesting that unequal sister chromatid exchange mediated by retrotransposable elements could have been involved in SRY amplification.

To understand its gene regulation mechanism, we have utilized an in vitro affinity chromatography and proteomic strategy to identify and characterize Sry binding proteins from the mouse testis potentially involved in the formation of an Sry transcriptional complex(es).

However, the interaction occurs via a domain that is internal to the mouse SRY protein and involves a different recognition mechanism than human SRY.

These observations suggest that the domesticus Sry promoter is not involved in the postulated misregulation of the domesticus (Tirano) Sry gene in the B6 genomic background.

Period 1 involved raltegravir at 400 mg twice daily for 4 days, period 2 involved tenofovir disoproxil fumarate (TDF) at 300 mg once daily for 7 days, and period 3 involved raltegravir at 400 mg twice daily plus TDF at 300 mg once daily for 4 days.

TDF is associated with lower serious metabolic toxicities but not higher risk of RAs, serious renal events, or worsening CrCl over time compared to ZDV in this randomized multinational study.

SRY-Box\240\9 (SOX9) expression is associated with a poor prognosis of patients with GBM and with resistance to TMZ.

TDF is associated with similar clinical and programmatic outcomes as ZDV and d4T but appears to be better tolerated.

TDF + XTC + NVP was associated with higher mortality when compared with ZDV + 3 TC + NVP but not consistently across sensitivity analyses.

In this observational study, ZDV was associated with severe anemia compared to d4T or TDF.

In adjusted Cox proportional hazards models, ZDV- (adjusted hazard ratio [ AHR] = 2.74, 95 % confidence interval [ CI] = 2.3-3.28) and d4T-based regimens (AHR = 1.92, 95 % CI = 1.55-2.38) were associated with higher risk for drug substitution when compared with TDF-based regimens.

In this study, we tested the efficacy of progressive generations of SCT DNA vaccines engineered to (1) enhance peptide binding, (2) enhance interaction with the CD8 coreceptor, and/or (3) activate CD4(+) helper T cells.

And, the expressions of PTEN, mTOR (RICTOR) and AKT1 reduced both in activated CD4 T cells and activated CD8 T cells.

We previously demonstrated that the CD4dimCD8bright phenotype constitutes an activated phenotype of CD8+ T cells.

Distinct from its action on CD4+ T cells, IL35 signaling in gp130+CD8+ T cells activated the transcription factor STAT3, which antagonized intratumoral infiltration and effector function of CD8+ T cells via suppression of CXCR3, CCR5, and IFNγ expression.

Activated CD4+ T cells were predominantly of a central memory phenotype, and activated CD8+ T cells were distributed between central and effector memory phenotypes.

MP-CTLs displayed increased total, effector memory (CCR7(-) CD45RO(+)), and activated (CD69(+)) CD3(+) CD8(+) T lymphocytes.

Using primary human CD8+ T cells, in this study, we identify IL-21 as a strong inducer of granulysin, demonstrate that IL-21 and IL-15 activate granulysin expression within CD8+ CD45RO+ T cells, and establish a role for Jak/STAT signaling in the regulation of granulysin within CD8+ T cells.

Antigens delivered by the intracellular route induce MHC-I restricted CD8+ responses while antigens presented through the extracellular route activate MHC-II restricted CD4+ responses implying that the route of antigen delivery is a conduit to induction of B- or T-cell immune responses.

The rejection of these immune-escaped cancers was mediated by NK cells and CD4+ T cells, whereas activated CD8+ T cells were dispensable.

After HLA class I-mismatched stem cell transplantation, allo-HLA-directed CD8 T cell responses can be activated without the help of CD4 T cells if memory CD8 T cells cross-reactive against the allo-HLA class I are present or if naïve CD8 T cells are administered during inflammatory conditions.

Despite a significant overlap, simultaneous liver-kidney transplant recipients had a lower overall frequency of circulating CD8+ activated CD4+ and effector memory T cells, compared to solitary kidney transplant recipients.

Proportions of activated CD8+ and gammadelta T cells were significantly greater in patients with active BD than in those with inactive BD or healthy control subjects, but the proportion of activated CD4+ T cells did not differ among these 3 groups.

Herein, we demonstrate that primary CD8+ T cells from HLA-B,57/5801 elite suppressors were able to efficiently eliminate resting and activated primary CD4+ T cells shortly after viral entry and prior to productive infection.

\240\Unexpectedly, CD80 and CD86, normally expressed on antigen-presenting cells, were detected on a subset of activated Tregs, indicating a role for these co-stimulatory molecules in regulating the dynamics of CD4+ T cell responses.

However, this CD134-independent interaction was not sufficient to render CD8+ T cells permissive to FIV infection, as FIV replicated primarily in activated CD4+ T cells and not in cells negative for CD134 expression.

A greater number of CD8+ T lymphocytes adhered and migrated across activated HBMEC compared to CD4+ T cells.

Activated CD8(+) T cells formed fivefold more ring junctions than did activated CD4(+) T cells.

Those cells and especially the CD11c+ CD11b- CD8a+ lymphoid and the CD11c+ B220+ plasmacytoid dendritic cells were activated as shown by up-regulation of CD40 at their cell surface.

PD-1/L1 expression in CD8+ T cells was significantly lower in IGHV SHMhigh than in SHMlow patients with activated B-cell-like DLBCL, whereas PD-1 expression in CD4+ T cells and PD-L1 expression in natural killer cells were higher in IGK/LV SHMhigh than in SHMlow patients with GCB-DLBCL.

The glycoprotein CD83 is known to be expressed by different immune cells including activated CD4+Foxp3+ regulatory T cells (Tregs) and CD4+Foxp3- conventional T cells.

These results demonstrate that tumor-specific CD8+ T-cells can be efficiently activated and recruited in the absence of MHC class II molecules and of CD4+ T-cell help.

Because the density of CD80 expression is lower on activated T-APCs than on B-APCs, we studied the involvement of CD28 and CD80 adhesion molecules in the generation of CD4+ CTLs.

Compared to healthy individuals, cats with FCGS had high circulating CD8+ effector memory cells with a concurrent decrease in central memory cells and evidence of circulating activated CD8+ T cells (CD25+, CD62L-).

We conclude that CEACAM1 is an important regulator of CD8+ T cell function in the colon, and blocking CEACAM1 signaling to activate CD8+ T cells may have unforeseen side effects.

Purified CD8+ T cells were activated with anti-CD3/CD28 for 48 h and then sorted into two different types of CD8 Treg as defined by two different sets of markers, CD8+CD183+CD197+CD45RA- and CD8+CD183+CD25highCD278+.

These findings support CD8 staining as a new biomarker of the activated CD8 T-cell PALF phenotype.

Using naïve, activated, as well as differentiated CD8+ T cells, we show that IL-4 has a strong in vivo and in vitro antiapoptotic effect on activated and resting CD8+ T cells.

Memory CD8(+) T cells (CCR5(high) CD3(+) CD8(+)), memory/effector cells (CD27(+) CD28(-) CD3(+) CD8(+)), effector cells (CD27(-) CD28(-) CD3(+) CD8(+)) and activated CD8(+) T cells (CD11b(+) CD3(+) CD8(+)) were identified by flow cytometry in peripheral blood of 19 (seven cytomegalovirus (CMV) (+)/12 CMV(-)) patients with allergic asthma (AA) and 21 (seven CMV(+)/14 CMV(-)) healthy controls (HC).

Interestingly, PD-L1 may induce apoptosis through CD80 expressed on activated CD8+ responder T cells.

Moreover, alcohol consumption resulted in significantly lower percentages of effector memory (CD95+CD28-) CD8 lymphocytes as well as activated Ki67+CD8 cells in the intestines.

In humans, all alpha beta CD8+ T cells express NKG2D, but in mouse, it is only expressed by activated and memory CD8+ T cells.

1-restricted in partially cloned CD8+ T cells and also induced activated and effector CD8+ T cell-producing T cytotoxic (Tc) type 1 cytokines, such as IL-2 and IFN-gamma.

In this article, we report on the ability of seven monoclonal anti-human CD8 Abs to activate six human CD8(+) T cell clones with a total of five different specificities.

Six of seven anti-human CD8 Abs tested did not activate CD8(+) T cells.

The anti-mouse CD8 Abs, CT-CD8a and CT-CD8b, also activated CD8(+) T cells despite opposing effects on pMHCI tetramer staining.

Furthermore, the relative activation of CD8+cells, based on transcriptomic analysis, and their relationship to other CD8+ T cells and non-CD8+ cells within the tumor suggested a less crowded distribution of cells around activated CD8+ T cells.

Here, we showed that chemotherapy-treated cancer cells directly activated CD8 T cells in an MHC class I-independent manner and that these activated CD8 T cells exhibit virtual memory (VM) phenotypes.

Using humanized mouse models or primary human CD8 T cells, we also demonstrated that chemotherapy-treated human lymphomas activated VM CD8 T cells independent of tumor-derived MHC class I.

In conclusion, CD8 T cells can be directly activated in an MHC class I-independent manner by chemotherapy-treated cancers, and these activated CD8 T cells may be exploited for developing new strategies to treat MHC class I-deficient cancers.

Moreover, Runx/CBFβ complexes bound the Cd8ab gene cluster in activated CD8(+) T cells, suggesting direct control of the Cd8a locus.

CD8a Ly6Chi CD8+ T cells in the absence of added lymphokines, followed by selective elimination of activated CD8.

Instead, we found that surface CD8 was hijacked from activated CD8+ T cells by a transfer process that required direct cell-to-cell contact.

Upon p53 activation, we observed an increase in CD8+ Treg and activated CD8+ Teff whilst CD8+ Teff cells significantly decreased in healthy PBMC when stimulated with anti-CD3/CD28.

CD80 expression in CTCL cells is strictly dependent on the expression of both members of the STAT5 family, STAT5a and STAT5b, as well as their joint ability to transcriptionally activate the CD80 gene.

Here, we are able to report that casein kinase 2 (CK2) phosphorylates APRIL on residue threonine244 (Thr(244)) and demonstrate that the CK2-specific inhibitor 4, 5, 6, 7-tetrabromo-2-azabenzimidazole abolishes CD83 expression in activated Jurkat T cells by interfering with the nucleocytoplasmic translocation of CD83 mRNA.

Highly phenotypically exhausted cluster of differentiation 8 (CD8) T cells expand in frequency following anti-PD-1 monotherapy but not combination therapy, while activated terminally differentiated effector CD8 T cells expand only following combination therapy.

Endosomal escape of OVA was observed only in DC groups treated with PPAA/PLGA blends, which promoted high levels of activation of CD8+ OVA-specific OT-I T cells, compared to DCs treated with OVA-loaded PLGA MPs which were unable activate CD8+ T cells.

B cells were not required for the expansion of virus-specific CD8 T cells, but a greater proportion of activated CD8 T cells acquired an effector-like CXCR3lo CX3CR1hi phenotype in the absence of B cells.

In the current study, we proved that IL-36β had the same effect on CD8+ T cell as IL-36γ, and uncovered that IL-36β significantly activated mammalian target of rapamycin complex 1 (mTORC1) of CD8+ T cells.

Our findings reveal a role for the microbiota in promoting CD8+ T\240\cell long-term survival as memory cells and suggest that microbial metabolites guide the metabolic rewiring of activated CD8+ T\240\cells to enable this transition.

Assessment of histone posttranslational modifications within the Ifng locus demonstrated that Tbx21-/- CD8+ T cells were unable to activate " poised" enhancer elements compared with wild-type CD8+ T cells, correlating with diminished Ifng transcription.

32), reducing both natural killer (NK) and CD8 T cells, and reducing interferon-gamma (IFNγ) expression on activated CD8 T cells.

In addition to B cells, acute control required MHC class I molecules, CD8+ T cells, and granzymes, supporting a model whereby B cells act as antigen presenting cells to activate cytotoxic CD8+ T cells.

However, if delayed until adolescence, primary infection may manifest as acute infectious mononucleosis (AIM), a febrile illness characterised by global CD8+ T-cell lymphocytosis, much of it reflecting a huge expansion of activated EBV-specific CD8+ T-cells.

In both the steady-state and following viral infection, liver CD103(+) DCs express high levels of MHC class II, CD80, and CD86 and contribute to the high number of activated CD8(+) T cells.

Here, we identified a donor MHC class II-derived peptide (Du51) that is recognized by TCR-biased CD8+CD40Ig Tregs and activating CD8+CD40Ig Tregs in both its phenotype and suppression of antidonor alloreactive T cell responses.

It is widely accepted that antigen inexperienced CD8+ T cells should be initially activated by professional antigen-presenting cells (pAPCs) in lymphoid tissues to differentiate into effector CD8+ T cells.

We identified a 9-mer H-2Kb restricted CD8 T cell epitope, Kb-17, which specifically recognized and activated CD8 T cell responses in B6 mice immunized with Pb radiation-attenuated sporozoites (RAS) and challenged with infectious sporozoites (spz).

Significant correlations existed between viral load suppression and loss of activated CD8+ T cells after 24 weeks in both lymph node and blood, which was mirrored by significantly lowered frequencies of activated peripheral Gag peptide/MHC tetramer+ CD8+ cells.

Dendritic cells (DC) are important for MHC class I processing and presentation of peptide epitopes to memory CD8(+) T cells, and could potentially be targeted to activate memory CD8(+) T cells to a broad array of HIV-1 epitopes during ART.

We compared the effectiveness of tenofovir/emtricitabine (TDF/FTC) combined with either lopinavir/r (LPV/r) or another recommended third drug in the 2010 French guidelines in antiretroviral-naïve patients starting combination antiretroviral therapy in 2004-2008 in the French Hospital Database on HIV.

Both ABC/3TC and TDF/FTC provided comparable antiviral efficacy, safety, and tolerability when each was combined with lopinavir/ritonavir in treatment-naive patients.

In 4 of the 5 patients developing creatinine elevations TDF was combined with lopinavir-ritonavir.

At TDF initiation, patients with stabilized VR had significantly higher nadir CD4(+) count, compared to those with transient PV (P = 0.006) or LL-PV (P = 0.04).

GS-4774 had greater effects on CD8+ than CD4+ T cells, which were not affected at all or very weakly by TDF with or without GS-4774.

In a phase 2 study of patients with chronic HBV infection given TDF with or without GS-4774, we found that vaccination can increase production of IFNG, TNF, and IL2 by CD8+ T cells exposed to antigenic peptides, with little effect on CD4+ T cells.

The TDF + FTC + EFV group demonstrated a significantly greater increase in CD4 count (270 vs.

and in patients receiving ddI + 3 TC, CD4+ count increased by 138 cel/microl (95 % CI, 25-266) more than in patients receiving TDF + ddI.

In contrast, subjects not receiving ddI + TDF together experienced the expected progressive increase in CD4 T-cell counts.

Also, more participants in the TDF-FTC group had greater increase from baseline CD4 cell counts compared to the AZT-3TC group (190 vs.

Both EVG/COBI/FTC/TDF and EFV/FTC/TDF resulted in high rates of viral suppression and increases in CD4 cell count.

In a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of tenofovir disoproxil fumarate (TDF) use from 28 weeks gestational age to 2 months postpartum to prevent mother-to-child transmission of hepatitis B virus, there was no significant effect of maternal TDF use on maternal or infant bone mineral density 1 year after delivery/birth.

This observational study included 198 HIV-infected participants from the Multicenter AIDS Cohort Study and the Women\s Interagency HIV Study, who initiated TDF between 2009 and 2015 and had urine samples collected at baseline before and after TDF initiation.

TDF interacts with other antiretrovirals and has been associated with decline in renal function and CD4 count.

Administration of high ddl doses together with TDF was associated with mitochondrial damage, which may explain the observed CD4+ T-cell decay.

The ddI plus TDF backbone seems unadvisable because of the lower associated CD4 cell counts, and because it is poorer than the other options from the immunological standpoint.

Reversibility of renal damage was prompt and complete in 59 % of patients receiving TDF-containing regimens and was associated with a higher nadir and current CD4+ T-cell count, suggesting a role of preserved cellular immunity in renal recovery in this population.

10, 0 IU/mL, and lower nadir CD4 count were independently associated with decreased likelihood of HBV DNA suppression on TDF.

Co-culture experiments between HIV-1-infected CD4 T cells and primary human adipocytes showed that adipocytes consistently reduced the antiviral efficacy of the nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor tenofovir and its prodrug forms tenofovir disoproxil fumarate (TDF) and tenofovir alafenamide (TAF).

The combination antiretroviral regimen, tenofovir disoproxil fumarate (TDF)/emtricitabine, taken as a single pill once daily, has been shown to prevent HIV transmission but is used by fewer than 20 % of people who could benefit in the United States.

We find that the rigid TDF handles bind two ends of a single-stranded DNA (ssDNA) and hold it in a stretched state, with an apparent stretching length comparable to its counterpart of double-stranded DNA (dsDNA) via atomic force microscopy measurement.

Although TPCSIA estimates using dual TDF equations were in better agreement with TPSC estimates, our data do not support the application of universal or currently available dual TDFs to estimate cetacean TPs.

Together, these findings suggest that TDF is safe, may provide substantially greater protection against HSV than TFV, and support the further clinical development of a TDF ring.

In mammals, the Y-linked sex-determining gene Sry cell-autonomously promotes Sertoli cell differentiation from bipotential supporting cell precursors through SRY-box containing gene 9 (Sox9), leading to testis formation.

These observations suggest that SRY 5 \ flanking sequences from at least two mammalian species contain elements that can support transgene expression within cells of the migrating neural crest and that additional SRY 5 \ flanking sequences can extinguish this expression.

Double staining for ki-67 and sry demonstrated that the recovery acceleration after chemical injury and G-CSF treatment was mainly mediated by increased proliferation of host hepatocytes (ki-67(+)/sry(-)) with less support from BM-origin cells (ki-67(+)/sry(+)).

Together, these data suggest that SOX3 and SRY are functionally interchangeable in sex determination and support the notion that SRY evolved from SOX3 via a regulatory mutation that led to its de novo expression in the early gonad.

Adding TDF to stable, virologically suppressive antiretroviral therapy regimens improved lipid parameters supporting a lipid-lowering effect of TDF.

A state-transition model based on the published literature was developed to compare treatment strategies involving entecavir (ETV), tenofovir disoproxil fumarate (TDF), and TAF.

Results of the intracellular cytokine staining indicated that TSE+ oil immunization in mice triggered both CD4+ and CD8+ T cells to release IFN-γ, while CD4+ cells were mostly triggered when FA was used.

The interaction between antigen-presenting cells and the local bacterial flora contributes to an uncontrolled activation of mucosal CD4+ T lymphocytes with the consecutive release of proinflammatory cytokines such as tumor necrosis factor (TNF), interleukin (IL)-6, IL-12, IL-23, IL-27, and also IL-17, which is attributed to a specific, differentiated CD4+ lineage called Th17 (TH-IL17, THi).

CCL4-induced antinociception almost disappeared upon CD4+, but not CD8+, lymphocyte depletion with selective antibodies, thus supporting that the release of met-enk from CD4+ lymphocytes underlies the opioid antinociceptive response evoked by CCL4.

The immune CD4(+) T cells proliferated and released IL-2 and IFN-gamma profoundly in response to re-challenge with porin-pulsed macrophages but not to BSA-pulsed macrophages in vitro, which demonstrated the presence of porin-specific CD4(+) T cells of T(h) 1 phenotype.

The recombinant human CCL11 protein increased the proportion of CD4+CD25+Foxp3+ Treg cells, the expression of CCR3 and Foxp3, and the release of IL‑2 and TGF‑β1 in non‑tumor‑associated CD4+ T\240\cells via the STAT5 signaling pathway.

Importantly, CD4-depleted exosomes released by CD4+ T cells expressing Nef have a reduced capacity to inhibit HIV-1 infection in vitro.

Utilizing human, Mycobacterium tuberculosis-specific, CD4+ and CD8+ T cell clones, we demonstrate that, after recognition of antigen-presenting cells displaying peptide antigen, CD4+ T cells preferentially release interferon-gamma, whereas CD8+ T cells preferentially lyse antigen-presenting cells.

CD8 T cell interferon (IFN)-gamma production was assessed via intracellular cytokine staining, cytotoxicity via chromium release assay, and frequency of circulating and intrahepatic CYP2D6-specific CD8 T cells via tetramer staining.

We first combined the use of an HLA-A,0201/peptide binding algorithm and T2 binding assays with the induction of specific CD8(+) T cell lines from normal donors by in vitro priming with high-affinity peptides, then IFN-gamma release and cytotoxicity assays were employed to identify the specific HLA-A,0201 CD8(+) T cell epitope using peptide-loaded T2 cells or the HCA587 protein(+) HCC cell line HepG2.

The amount of IFN-gamma produced by the individual reactive T cells was evaluated as spot size, and was also influenced by the costimulatory molecules: CD54 increased also the response magnitude of cultured CTL lines, while CD80 enhanced cytokine release from freshly isolated CD8(+) T cells.

We identified a novel nonamer epitope: unstimulated peripheral blood-derived CD8 T cells displayed peptide-specific IFN-gamma release ex vivo while CD8 T cell lines and clones exhibited HLA-A68.

Further investigation exhibited RUNX3 could upregulate CCL3 and CCL20 whose receptors CCR5 and CCR6 were upregulated in CD8+ effector T cells, while downregulation of RUNX3 decreased the expression of CCL3 and CCL20 and the infiltration of CD8+ T cells in RUNX3-downregulated lung cancer cell lines.

Our data show that cells from TB patients have an increased percentage of peripheral blood CD8+ αβ+ T (p = 0.02) and CD56+ CD8+ T (p = 0.02) and a decreased frequency of NKG2D+ CD8+ T (p = 0.02) compared with healthy donors.

Interestingly, IFN-γ secretion and cytotoxic activity of 2 B4+ CD8+ T cells stimulated with HIV peptides were significantly decreased when compared to influenza peptide stimulated 2 B4+ CD8+ T cells.

Unlike wild-type IL-18, DR-18 exerted potent anti-tumour effects in mouse tumour models by promoting the development of poly-functional effector CD8+ T cells decreasing the prevalence of exhausted CD8+ T cells that express the transcriptional regulator of exhaustion TOX, and expanding the pool of stem-like TCF1+ precursor CD8+ T cells.

Furthermore, high expression levels of lncRNA-CD160 can contribute to the inhibition of IFN-γ and TNF-α secretion in CD8+ T cells and decrease the immune response of CD8+ T cells.

Anti-CD20 injection increased the frequency of apoptotic CD8+ T cells decreased the number of effector and memory CD8+ T cells, and reduced the frequency of proliferating and cytokine-producing CD8+ T cells.

The increased CD8 and decreased HHLA2 expression levels were associated with long disease-free survival in lung adenocarcinoma (P = 0.0 for CD8 expression and P = 0.004 for HHLA2 expression).

Oxysophocarpine sensitized the Lag-3 immunotherapy effect of CD8+ T cells against HCC in vivo and in vitro by decreasing Fibrinogen-like protein 1 (FGL1) expression through downregulating IL-6-mediated JAK2/STAT3 signaling, whereas Oxysophocarpine treatment had a little effect of CD8+ T cells cytotoxicity function against HCC with PD-1, Tim-3, or TIGIT blockade.

Tumors with high intratumoral neutrophil burden were marked by a blunted T-cell response characterized by reduced expression of cytotoxic T-cell genes (CD8A, CD8B, GZMA, GZMB)  decreased CD3+CD8+ cell infiltration, and diminished expression of IFNγ-related genes.

These included promoting CD8+CD28- T cells proliferation, converting CD8+CD28+ T cells to CD8+CD28- T cells and decreasing CD8+CD28- T cell death.

These data show that increase in CD8+CD28+ T cells in blood and decrease in CD8+CD28- T cells in colon are associated with experimental colitis.

The differential expression of genes also indicates that ASFV could evade both the innate and adaptive immune responses by (i) inhibiting MHC Class II antigen processing and presentation, (ii) avoiding CD8+ T effector cells and neutrophil extracellular traps via decreasing expression of neutrophil/CD8+ T effector cell-recruiting chemokines, (iii) suppressing M1 activation of macrophages, (iv) inducing immune suppressive cytokines, and (v) inhibiting the processes of macrophage autophagy and apoptosis.

Additionally, ibrutinib treatment led to an increase in MHC-II(+), CD80(+) and CCR7(+) DCs but a decrease in CD86(+) DCs upon LPS stimulation.

Consequently, flow cytometry analysis of CD8α+ cells in liver and spleen at day 5 post-infection revealed a decrease in the number of CD8α+ cells in the spleen and an increased population in the liver.

The number of CD8+ T memory cells decreased as mice aged, and CD8+ T cell recall responses and protective immunity were impaired.

Additionally, we observed increased recruitment of CD8(+) T lymphocytes to the lungs and decreased apoptosis of pulmonary CD8(+) T lymphocytes in rhIL-7-treated animals compared to those in untreated mice.

This therapeutic effect is mediated through enhanced recruitment of CD8(+) T cells and decreased apoptosis of lung T lymphocytes, with a preferential action on central memory CD8(+) T lymphocytes.

To determine whether the effects of ZOL would persist without further infusions, we compared changes in left hip and spine BMD over 36 months in participants randomized to ZOL 5 mg at baseline and month 12 (and to continue TDF) or to switch TDF (without receiving ZOL).

It was shown that a time-domain THz spectrometer is a sensitive device that allows monitoring of minute changes in the porosity of pharmaceutical tablets by detecting the time delay of the THz pulse, which is attributable to different refractive indices within the tablet.

To determine whether TDF triggers mandibular bone loss, elucidate the underlying mechanisms, and study the effect of Lactobacillus rhamnosus GG (LGG) on TDF-induced bone loss in the jaw.

Conditional SRY expression triggered enrichment of SRY on the WDR5 promoter resulting in induction of WDR5 transcription.

The OCT4 promoter contained SRY-binding sites that were directly activated by SRY.

Furthermore, SRYs of the SRY-positive species could not activate the mutated TESCO or mouse TESCO, suggesting that SRYs lost function as a sex-determining gene any more.

Our data disprove the hypothesis that the conserved HMG box domain is the only functional domain of Sry, and highlight an evolutionary paradox whereby mouse Sry has evolved a novel bifunctional module to activate Sox9 directly, whereas SRY proteins in other taxa, including humans, seem to lack this ability, presumably making them dependent on partner proteins(s) to provide this function.

Accordingly, SRY bound to and activated the Er71 promoter, and mutation of a putative SRY binding site abolished this promoter activation.

Sry2 activated promoters at a significantly lower level than Sry1 did.

Shortly after the onset of Sry activation, Sox9 (Sry-related HMG box-9), a fundamental testis-differentiation gene common to all vertebrates, is also activated in a center-to-pole pattern similar to the initial Sry expression profile.

After incubation with EVs from SRY-transfected HEK (human embryonic kidney)-293 cells, monocytes (THP-1) and HUVECs (human umbilical vein endothelial cells), which do not endogenously express SRY protein, were found to express newly synthesized SRY protein.

The SRY/Sry gene is expressed in pre-Sertoli cells of the male genital ridge and functions as the mammalian testis determining factor (TDF).

The wild and mutated SRY were cloned into recombinant plasmid and expressed in cells in vitro, the result showed the mutated SRY is greatly accumulated in cytoplasm while the wild type SRY is mostly localized in nucleus.

To assess the potential role of intracellular calcium in modulating SRY nuclear accumulation, Cos-7 cells expressing SRY and control constructs were treated with agents elevating or reducing intracellular Ca(2+) levels.

Sry is expressed in the mutant XY gonads, indicating that the lack of Sry expression is not the cause of ovarian tissue development in B6 Fog2-/+ or Gata4(ki)/+ XY(AKR) mice.

Cre under the control of the Sry promoter was expressed in the fetal gonads of transgenic mice similarly to endogenous Sry.

On the B6 background, Sry(POS) was expressed at about half the level of Sry(RIII) whereas Sry(AKR) and Sry(RIII) were equally expressed.

Second, sexual development and Sry expression levels were determined in XX mice carrying a transgene expressing Sry(POS) controlled by POS-derived or MUS-derived regulatory regions.

This analysis indicated: (1) Sry is first expressed in cells located centrally in the genital ridge and then later in cells located at the cranial and caudal poles, (2) Sry is expressed exclusively in pre-Sertoli cells in the urogenital ridge, and (3) Sertoli and granulosa cells develop from a common precursor.

This suggested that Sry is expressed in cells other than germ cells, which was confirmed with studies on fractionated cells--RTPCR detected transcription of Sry in the highly pure interstitial cell fraction.

Hence, SRY determines Sertoli cell fate by repressing ovarian and activating testicular differentiation genes promotes early Sertoli cells to form testis cord, and then passes on its functions to SOX9, which regulates common targets and activates its own gene regulatory program, beyond SRY actions, in sex determination.

Replacing this domain with irrelevant sequences stabilized the protein but failed to restore Sry\s ability to up-regulate its key target gene SRY-box 9 (Sox9) and its sex-determining function in vivo.

In this review the features of SRYand SOX9 expression, intracellular transport and the targets of SRY and SOX9 transcripts, the male and female signal pathways interaction and the mechanisms of initial gonadal sex differentiation are discussed.

Differentiation of the bipotential gonad into testis is initiated by the Y chromosome-linked gene SRY (Sex-determining Region Y) through upregulation of its autosomal direct target gene SOX9 (Sry-related HMG box-containing gene 9).

SRY activity was evaluated by SOX9 immunostaining, one of the targets of SRY.

The activation of the Y-linked gene Sry (sex-determining region Y) and its downstream target Sox9 (Sry box-containing gene 9) triggers testis differentiation by stimulating the differentiation of Sertoli cells, which then direct testis morphogenesis.

Sox9 is a SRY target gene, upregulated immediately after Sry expression, and plays a key role in testicular differentiation.

We also used bioinformatics simulation analysis to predict impact of the mutation on SRY function, and find the R75 in wild type SRY can form a hydrogen bond with serine at 91 (S91) that make the SRY protein well fit into the minor groove of target DNA, while the M75 in the mutated SRY can\t.

Semen exposure was assessed with: a rapid prostate-specific antigen (PSA) detection assay, a quantitative PCR targeting the sex-determining region (SRY) gene, a standard PCR targeting SRY, a standard PCR targeting TSPY, and a nested PCR targeting TSPY (n-TSPY).

Here, we show, by gel retardation analysis, that SRY recognises specific DNA sequences and that such sequences exist upstream of the AMH promoter, a potential downstream target for SRY.

While biochemical studies of clinical mutants and mouse genetic models have helped in our understanding of SRY function, no direct downstream targets of SRY have yet been identified.

The Y chromosome-linked gene sex-determining region Y (SRY) is believed to be the master initiator of male sex determination in almost all eutherian and metatherian mammals, functioning to upregulate expression of its direct target gene Sry-related HMG box-containing gene 9 (SOX9).

This repression machinery is recruited to SRY target promoters in chromatin templates via SRY.

Little is known about SRY regulation and its mode of action during testis development, and direct gene targets for SRY are still lacking.

Here we review our current understanding of Sry regulation and provide a model that assembles all known regulators into three modules, each converging on a single transcription factor that binds to the Sry promoter.

The Sox (Sry-type HMG box) genes encode a group of proteins characterized by the existence of an SRY (sex-determining region on Y chromosome) box, a 79 amino acid motif that encodes an HMG (high mobility group) domain which can bind and bend DNA, which is the only part in SRY that is conserved between species.

Moreover, the transcription factor GATA4, which is required for Sry expression binds to\240\the Sry promoter in\240\vivo in a MAPK-dependent manner.

In an immunoprecipitation-based pull-down assay, recombinant SRY protein bound the Ntf3 promoter fragment containing an intact SRY binding site, whereas the same protein did not interact with the fragment containing a mutated SRY motif.

Functional analysis of potential SRY binding sites within this deleted region identified five putative enhancers, suggesting that sequences additional to the known SRY-binding TES enhancer influence human testis-specific SOX9 expression.

In summary, our study demonstrates that Sp1 is a major regulator in SRY gene transcription, and mutations of the Sp1 binding sites (Sp1-B and Sp1-C) in the 5 \ flanking region of SRY induce sex reversal in rabbits, which can be used as targets for clinical research of male-to-female sex reversal syndrome.

Observations demonstrate the majority of the previously identified normal SRY binding sites were not altered and the altered SRY binding sites were novel and new additional sites.

161 delG) led to a premature stop codon at amino acid 59 in the SRY protein, which resulted in lacking the DNA binding domain of SRY protein.

in the SRY protein, which resulted in lacking the DNA binding domain of SRY protein.

The HMG box of human SRY could bind directly to beta-catenin while the mouse Sry binds to beta-catenin via its HMG box and glutamine-rich domain.

Mutation, co-transfection and sex-reversal studies all point to a feedforward, self-reinforcing pathway in which SF1 and SRY cooperatively upregulate Sox9 and then, together with SF1, SOX9 also binds to the enhancer to help maintain its own expression after that of SRY has ceased.

These results also indicate that at least one tda gene regulates Sry expression, possibly by directly binding to Sry regulatory regions.

We found several SRY/Sox binding sites in this region and co-transfection experiments showed that SRY could down regulate mMsh4 promoter transcriptional activity.

We have examined if the Sry gene contain DNA binding sites for the SRY protein itself.

We have found that in an in vitro assay, the SRY protein binds to several sites of the Sry gene and especially to a (CA) 25 sequence and to a (CAG) 30 repeat.

We demonstrate that purified SRY protein binds strongly to one of the putative fra-1 HMG-box response elements and that SRY enhances the transcription of rat fra-1 promoter constructs in cotransfection experiments.

Sry can also bind to this motif, indicating that the Sry family may have overlapping sequence specificities.

Double staining of SOX9 and CD44 detected colocalization of SOX9 and CD44 in IPMN.

However, intact proviruses are present at substantially higher frequencies (median, 54/106 CD4+ T cells) than proviruses detected by the quantitative viral outgrowth assay, which requires induction and in vitro growth (∼1/106 CD4+ T cells).

We evaluated renal interstitial inflammation and fibrosis by pathological section staining, tested the polarization of CD4+ T cells (Th17 and Treg phenotypes) by flow cytometry (FCM) and immunohistochemistry, and detected the cytokines secreted by CD4+ T cells by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA).

We isolated human peripheral blood CD4+T cells and co-cultured them with Ad-MSCs at a ratio of 4 : 1 under either Th17 or Treg cell polarizing conditions for 4 days to detect the proportions of IL-17-producing CD4+T (Th17) and CD4+CD25+Foxp3+regulatory T (Treg) cells by flow cytometry.

We applied chromatin immunoprecipitation followed by DNA sequencing using human CD4(+) T cells to detect candidate genes regulated by STAT5A and/or STAT5B, and quantitative-PCR in STAT5A or STAT5B knock-down (KD) human CD4(+) T cells to validate the findings.

Usually, CD4(+) and CCR5(+) lymphocytes are reported to be rarely detected in HIV-associated non-Hodgkin lymphomas, but the presence of CD4(+) and/or FOXP3(+) lymphocytes may be implicated in the pathogenesis of HL.

Frequent multifunctional HSV-specific effector memory CD62Llow CD44high CD8+ TEM cells were detected in ASYMP individuals compared to more of monofunctional central memory CD62Lhigh CD44high CD8+ TCM cells in SYMP individuals.

cd4-1 (cd8a) and tcrac but not iglc transcripts were detected in 6 D1(2C3) + lymphocytes, whereas cd4-1 (cd8a) transcripts were not found in 6 D1 (2 C3)-lymphocytes.

Whether HIV epitope presentation is similar between latency reversal and initial infection of CD4 T cells is unknown yet crucial to define immune responses able to detect HIV-infected CD4 T cells after latency reversal.

The content of peripheral blood T cell subsets (CD3+, CD4+, CD8+) was detected by flow cytometry, and the ratio of CD4+/CD8+ was calculated.

CD4+ T cells from lymph node and spleen were isolated from control mice or mice maintained on SM16 diet, and flow cytometry analysis was used to detect the frequency of CD4+CD25-FoxP3+ and CD4+CD25+FoxP3+ T cells.

We have identified class I-restricted T cell-associated molecule as a marker of CD4 CTL and, by using this marker, we detected a subset of naïve T cells that have the potential to differentiate into CD4 CTL.

CXCR-4 mRNA was found in 5 of 8 CD34+/CD4+ samples and in 7 of 8 CD34+/CD4- samples, whereas CKR-5 mRNA was detected in 2 CD34+/CD4+ samples and in 1 CD34+/CD4- cell sample.

Before and at day 5 on rhG-CSF mobilization, the expression rates of CXCR4 and LFA-1 (CD11a) on CD4(+) T cells in the peripheral blood were detected by tricolor fluorescence labeling, and the migration and adhesive activities of CD4(+) T cells to stroma cell-derived factor 1 alpha (SDF-1 alpha) and intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1) were also tested.

The present data suggest that: i) the male-specific factor Sry may influence activity and feeding behaviours in mice, and ii) dissociable feeding and anxiety-related murine phenotypes may be differentially modulated by Sry and by other sex-linked genes.

Zeb2Δ/+ EPCs had increased neuronal differentiation compared to Zeb2+/+ cells.

Severe sustained knockdown of ZHX3 caused down-regulation of genes involved in focal sclerosis, including WT1, mediated mostly by increased nuclear entry of ZHX2 and ZHX1.

The near-band-edge emission intensity of the ZnO nanorods was enhanced through the VC-FTFA method increasing significantly by a factor of 56 compared to that of ZnO films annealed in open air at 700 ° C.

Statistical parametric mapping revealed hypo and hypermetabolism clusters for both 60 and 130 Hz versus sham and show a certain state of alertness (increased activity in sensory and motor-related regions) mainly for 60 Hz.

We find that conditions associated with reduced MZ B cell numbers in adult mice cause increased cDC2 occupancy of the MZ.

OAS2 overexpression inhibited ZIKV replication, while OAS2 knockdown increased ZIKV replication.

Furthermore, ZMIZ1 overexpression increased the migration, whereas the knockdown of ZMIZ1 inhibited the migration and altered remodeling of the actin cytoskeleton in PIG1 and PIG3V cells.

CZ at 100 mg/kg produced visible mild sedative effects in rats, associated with a significant increase in Slow Wave Sleep episodes during a 6 h recording, and enhanced fast frequencies of hippocampus (gamma-band:31-50 Hz) during REM sleep.

Genetic ablation of Zip10 in early B-cell stages resulted in significant reductions in B-cell populations, and the inducible deletion of Zip10 in pro-B cells increased the caspase activity in parallel with a decrease in intracellular Zn levels.

ZQMT increased CX3CR1 expression in murine CD4+ T cells either cultured in vitro or directly isolated from animals treated with ZQMT.

Similarly, in immortalized Schwann cells, BRG1 recruitment to SOX10 binding sites at the MPZ locus was dependent on SOX10 and expression of dominant negative BRG1 inhibited expression of MPZ and MBP in these cells.

We further demonstrated that overexpression of ZNF606 inhibited the transcriptional activity of Sox9, while knockdown of ZNF606 increased Sox9-mediated transcription.

Moreover, with chlorpromazine (CPZ) to inhibit internalization of CXCR4, it was found that after SDF-1α stimulation, cells treated with CPZ showed more dimers and oligomers on the cell surface than untreated ones, which suggest that dimers and oligomers of CXCR4 tend to internalize more easily than monomers.

Furthermore, we confirmed that the downregulation of two validated genes, PSMA5 and PSMB7 inhibits cell proliferation, suggesting that the downregulation of PSMA5 and PSMB7 is involved in APP-induced cell proliferation impairment.

The overexpression of ZMIZ1 promoted the proliferation and inhibited the apoptosis of PIG1 and PIG3V cells, whereas the genetic knockdown of ZMIZ1 resulted in the opposite effects.

Exogenous expression of Smad2/4 and PIAS1 promotes zinc-induced apoptosis concomitant with Smad4 nuclear translocation, whereas endogenous Smad2/4 silencing inhibited zinc-induced apoptosis accompanying apparent p21(WAF1/Cip1) reduction.

The full length of ZP3 cDNA was firstly characterized and its tissue distribution revealed that ZP3 mRNA was predominantly expressed in ovary of G.

In vitro stimulation of blood lymphocytes from a panel of HLA-B8-positive or HLA-Cw6-positive virus carriers, using autologous cells pulsed with the Zta peptides comprising the HLA-B8 or HLA-Cw6 epitope, respectively revealed in both cases that most of these donors developed a Zta-specific cytotoxic activity.

The present study identifies Zelnorm as a novel JAK/STAT3 signaling inhibitor and reveals a new clinical application of Zelnorm upon market reintroduction.

These findings provide new molecular insights into the development of HZ and reveal a genetic predisposition in those individuals most at risk to develop HZ.

The 5 \ flanking regions of ZP2 and ZP3 were isolated and the comparison of transcription factors in the regions of ZP2 and ZP3 suggested that the disparity for the responsiveness of ZP2 and ZP3 to EE2 could partly be a result of differential cis-elements such as oocyte-specific protein (Osp1) binding sites or/and sex-determining region Y (SRY) binding site.

A recombinant HMG box region protein encoded by SOX-LZ could bind strongly with an oligonucleotide containing an AACAAT sequence, which is also recognized by mouse Sry and Sox-5.

The left lower lobes of the lungs, nearby the impact zone, were collected for SRY gene analysis and histological examination and scoring.

Transcripts of DDX3Y, EIF1AY, TSPY, USP9Y, ZFY and ZRSR2Y were detected in the pooled and single blastocysts, but no transcripts were detected for HSFY or SRY.

Human SRY significantly regulated human promoters of AGT, REN, ACE2, AT2, and MAS compared to control levels, elevating AGT and REN promoter activity while decreasing ACE2, AT2, and MAS.

This study examined the localization of ACE and ACE2 within the glomerulus of kidneys from control (db/m) and diabetic (db/db) mice and the effect of chronic pharmacologic ACE2 inhibition.

Importantly, ACE2 not only controls angiotensin II levels but functions as a protease on additional molecular targets that could contribute to the observed in vivo phenotypes of ACE2 mutant mice.

Akt phosphorylation in renal cortex was increased by diabetes and loss of ACE2 and decreased by GDX in control and diabetic ACE2KO but not in wild-type mice.

Significant differences were observed in the genotype/allele frequency of ACE2 G8790A between the T2DM + CS and control groups, and the T2DM and T2DM + CS groups, and in the genotype frequency of ACE2 G8790A between the T2DM and the control groups.

Sub-chronic e-cig exposure with nicotine increased inflammatory cellular influx of macrophages and T-lymphocytes including increased pro-inflammatory cytokines in BALF and increased SARS-Cov-2 Covid-19 ACE2 receptor, whereas nAChRα7 KO mice show reduced inflammatory responses associated with decreased ACE2 receptor.

In addition, treatment with ACE2‑uMSCs demonstrated a stronger therapeutic effect than ACE2‑ or uMSC treatment alone, indicated by decreased expression of MDA, GSSG, TNF‑α, IFN‑γ, TGF‑β, IL‑1, IL‑2, IL‑6, collagen type 1 mRNA, MMPs and TIMPs as well as hydroxyproline concentration, and upregulation of SOD, GSH and ACE2 and IL‑10.

Furthermore, coimmunoprecipitation experiments demonstrated that AT1R and ACE2 form complexes, and these interactions were decreased by Ang-II treatment, which also enhanced ACE2 ubiquitination.

Moreover, we found that ACE2 activity showed a tendency to decrease in the serum of AD patients compared with normal controls, suggesting an association between lower ACE2 activity and AD.

Although overexpression of angiotensin-converting enzyme type 2 (ACE2) has been shown to be beneficial in reducing hypertension by transforming angiotensin II into angiotensin-(1-7), several groups have reported decreased brain ACE2 expression and activity during the development of hypertension.

We hypothesized that ADAM17-mediated ACE2 shedding results in decreased membrane-bound ACE2 in the brain, thus promoting the development of neurogenic hypertension.

Since ACE2 promotes the degradation of angiotensin II, a decrease in ACE2 activity could lead to the development of glomerular injury.

In the kidney, ACE2 protein levels are significantly decreased in hypertensive rats, suggesting a negative regulatory role of ACE2 in blood pressure control.

Inhibition of ACE2 caused a decrease in renal cortical ACE2 activity.

Baseline spontaneous baroreflex sensitivity and brain ACE2 activity were dramatically decreased in RA compared with nontransgenic mice, whereas peripheral ACE2 activity/expression remained unaffected.

Increased expression of ADAM17, a protease responsible for ACE2 shedding, coincided with reductions in ACE2 activity in 3 T3-L1 adipocytes, and an ADAM17 inhibitor decreased media ACE2 activity.

In group B rabbits, local ACE2 overexpression resulted in stable plaque compositions, ie, fewer macrophages, less lipid deposition and more collagen contents, higher plaque stability scores decreased angiotensin II levels, and increased angiotensin 1-7 levels in plaque tissues in the AdACE2 subgroup compared with those in the AdEGFP subgroup.

Even though ACE2 inhibitor significantly decreased and ACE2 activator increased intrarenal ANG 1-7 concentrations, the course of BP, as well as of albuminuria, cardiac hypertrophy and renal glomerular damage, were not altered.

ACE2 significantly decreased the ALI-induced apoptosis of pulmonary cells in vivo, and ACE2 protected endothelial cells against NO-induced apoptosis in vitro.

Sub-chronic e-cig exposure with nicotine increased the inflammatory cellular influx of macrophages and T-lymphocytes including increased pro-inflammatory cytokines in BALF and increased ACE2 Covid-19 receptor, whereas nAChR α7 KO mice show reduced inflammatory responses associated with decreased ACE2 receptor.

After the removal of N-linked glycans on ACE2, its mechanical binding strength with CoV-2 RBD decreases to a similar level of the CoV-1 RBD-ACE2 interaction.

Affected children by COVID-19 with genetically-susceptible to KD might have genetically under-expression of ACE2 receptor that might further decrease the expression of ACE2 due to the downregulation of the receptor by the virus in these patients.

To address the role of bone marrow-derived profAPCs in CD8 T-cell priming and memory to mCMV, we have used here a combined sex-mismatched and MHC class-I mismatched dual-marker bone marrow chimera model in which presentation of the IE1 epitope is restricted to donor-derived sry(+) L(d+) cells of haematopoietic differentiation lineages.

In HIV-1-infected women, gonococcal cervicitis was associated with reduced IFN-gamma responses in bulk CD8(+) lymphocyte populations, and intracellular cytokine staining combined with class I major histocompatibility complex (MHC)-peptide tetramer studies, demonstrated reduced IFN-gamma production by HIV-1 epitope-specific CD8(+) lymphocytes.

3), and weak HLA-A-MICA expression combined with low CD8(+)/Treg ratio (P=0.

Weak HLA-A-MICA expression combined with low CD8(+)/Treg ratio reveals a patient group with the poorest survival in cervical cancer.

We developed a novel assay for quantifying virus-specific CD8(+) T cells that combines the use of HLA-A2 immunoglobulin-based artificial antigen-presenting cells (aAPCs) for stimulation of antigen-specific CD8(+) T cells in whole blood with quantitative real-time reverse transcription-PCR (qRT-PCR) to detect gamma interferon (IFN-gamma) mRNA.

The authors developed a standardized approach for immune monitoring of antigen-specific CD8+ T cells within peripheral blood lymphocytes (PBLs) that combines direct ex vivo analysis of Melan-A/MART-1 and influenza-specific CD8+ T cells with HLA-A2/peptide multimers and interferon-gamma ELISPOT assays.

Here, we used fluorescent MHC class I tetramers combined with magnetic enrichment to detect and phenotype AAV8-specific CD8+ T cells in human PBMCs without prior amplification.

Using TCR-pMHC binding avidity measurements combined to phenotype and functional assays, we performed a comprehensive study on representative tumor antigen-specific CD8 T-cell clones (n = 454) from seven patients vaccinated with different doses of Melan-A/ELA peptide (0.1 mg vs.

Furthermore, by employing MHC binding algorithms and bioinformatics combined with high-throughput human T-cell screens and tetramers, HLA-class Ia restricted polyfunctional CD8(+) T-cells were identified in TB patients.

Successful CD8 T-cell priming specific for the L(d)-and D(d)-presented inflationary epitopes IE1 and m164, respectively, but selective failure in IE1 epitope-specific memory inflation in these chimeras indicates different modes of antigen presentation involved in CD8 T-cell priming and memory inflation.

In view of the preservation of CD8 lineage T cells and functional loss of CD4 lineage T cells in HIV-infected patients, it was suggested that a specific immune recognition event is at the center of the pathogenesis of this syndrome which involves preservation of an unknown antigen in the context of HLA-B27 to CD8 lineage suppressor/cytotoxic T cells.

It is further proposed that CD8+ T cells are involved in the control of the Th1 polarization, which is observed in psoriasis lesions, through a complex interplay between CD4+, CD8+ T cells and cross-presenting dendritic cells.

Anti-CD20 injection also dampened the CD8+ T cell response, when this had already been generated, indicating that B cells were involved in the maintenance rather than the induction of CD8+ T cell immunity.

High level of transforming growth factor-β1 (TGF-β1) in tumors was positively correlated with PD-1+CD8+ T cell infiltration, and in vitro GC-derived TGF-β1 induced PD-1 expression on CD8+ T cells via Smad3 signaling, whereas Smad2 signaling was involved in GC-derived TGF-β1-mediated CD8+ T cell dysfunction.

This work establishes a model enabling the critical dissection of H-2Db-restricted Ag presentation to CD8 T cells, revealing cell-specific and temporal features involved in the generation of CD8 T cell responses.

While cross-presentation by various types of proinflammatory macrophages might be involved in cross-priming of naive CD8+ T lymphocytes, it might also be involved in local reactivation of memory and/or effector CD8+ T lymphocytes.

Analogues were designed from a structural model of the mouse CD8a molecule to identify surfaces involved in CD8 function.

Multiple alignments of CD8α1 with known CD8α and CD8β sequences of other species revealed relatively low conservation of AA residues involved in the specific and unique structural domains among CD8α genes.

Using molecular modeling, fluorescence resonance energy transfer experiments on living cells, biochemical and mutational analysis, we show that CD8 binding to pMHC in cis involves a different docking mode and is regulated by posttranslational modifications including a membrane-distal interchain disulfide bond and negatively charged O-linked glycans near positively charged sequences on the CD8β stalk.

Previous studies on murine CD83 demonstrated this molecule to be involved in several immune-regulatory processes, comprising that CD83 plays a key role in the development und function of different immune cells.

Our results suggest that Nef is not involved in protecting infected macrophages from CD8(+) T cell killing and suggest that other mechanisms are involved in macrophage evasion from CD8 surveillance.

The CD8(+) T cell-mediated protective immune response against CSP is dependent on the interleukin loop involving IL-4 receptor expression on CD8(+) cells and IL-4 secretion by CD4(+) T cell helpers.

Increasing evidence indicates that hepatic CD8α+ dendritic cells (DCs) are important antigen cross-presenting cells (APC) involved in the priming of protective CD8+ T-cell responses induced by live-attenuated Plasmodium sporozoites.

Therefore, frequencies of virus-specific CD8 T cells appear to be positively correlated to HIV production in most cases during highly active antiretroviral therapy, but an inverse correlation can also be observed with rapid virus changes that might involve redistribution, sequestration, or expansion of these Ag-specific CD8 T cells.

We speculated that CD8(+) CD28(-) T cell might be involved in immune modulation and CD8(+) CD28(-) T cell may be a crucial part in pathogenesis, which can provide further knowledge of the sophisticated mechanism of immuno-downregulation in schistosomiasis and potential treatment target.

In a luciferase reporter assay system, both SRY and SOX9 stimulated the Ntf3 promoter in vitro through an interaction with this SRY-binding motif.

This suggests that a C57BL gene either up- or downstream of Sry is ineffective in interacting with Sry, which then compromises the processes that lead to normal male sex development.

CD44 regulates SOX2 expression as KD of CD44 and reduces SOX2 levels considerably.

CD4 coreceptor expression is negatively regulated through activity of the Cd4 silencer in CD4(-) CD8(-) double-negative (DN) thymocytes and CD8(+) cytotoxic lineage T cells.

We found that CD4-intrinsic Bcl6, Blimp-1, and STAT3 coordinately regulate expression of the Th1 master regulator T-bet, supporting plasticity of CD4 T\240\cells.

The data demonstrated that MitoTracker Deep Red-labeled platelet-derived mitochondria could directly target CD4+ T cells through C-X-C motif chemokine receptor 4 (CXCR4) and its ligand stromal cell-derived factor-1 (SDF-1)  regulating the anti-CD3/CD28 bead-activated CD4+ T cells.

As it is now clear that CD4(+) T cells are more plastic than initially thought, it is of particular importance to understand the molecular mechanisms regulating CD4(+) T-cell differentiation.

In this reason, TRAF2 and TRAF5 in naïve CD4+ T cells negatively regulate IL-6-mediated activation of signal transducer and activator of transcription 3 (STAT3) that is required for the development of IL-17-secreting CD4+ TH17 cells.

Our study demonstrates that, CCR5 promoter polymorphisms correlate with CD4 T cell loss possibly by regulating CD4 T cell apoptosis in HIV patients.

Moreover, the identification of transcription factors involved in the regulation of CD4 and CD8 significantly advanced the knowledge of the transcription factor network regulating CD4/CD8 cell-fate choice of DP thymocytes.

The CD4+CD25+CD127- FoxP3+ Regulatory T (Treg) cells are a unique subset of helper T-cells, which regulate immune response and establish self-tolerance through the secretion of immunoregulatory cytokines, such as IL-10 and TGF-β, and the suppression of the function and activity of many immune effector cells (including monocytes/macrophages, dendritic cells, CD4+ and CD8+ T cells, and Natural Killers).

5 mim, and calcitriol induce ChgA-specific CD4+ T cells that regulate CD4+ and CD8+ self-antigen specificities and autoimmune diabetes in NOD mice.

Altogether, these results show that S1P promotes antigen processing and presentation in monocytes, increases the frequency of MTB-specific CD4+ T cells and can regulate IFN-gamma production by antigen specific CD4+ T cells in the course of active disease.

When co-culture of CD4+T cells with ILC2s in the presence of anti-OX40L antibody, the cytokine productions by CD4+T cells were reduced markedly, suggesting that lung ILC2s may regulate RSV-induced CD4+T cell expansion and activation perhaps via OX40/OX40L interaction.

CD4+ T cells were then cocultured with B cells pretreated with or without anti-PD-L1 antibody for investigating the role of B cells from infected mice on regulating CD4+ T cells.

These findings indicate that CD40 signaling in adipose tissue macrophages regulates major histocompatibility complex class II and CD86 expression to control the expansion of CD4(+) T cells.

Therefore, CD47 positively and negatively regulates NK cell function, and therapeutic antibodies that block inhibitory CD47 signaling can enhance NK immune surveillance of melanomas.

Viral infection sets in motion a cascade of immune responses, including both CXCR5+CD4+ T follicular helper (Tfh) cells that regulate humoral immunity and CCR5+CD4+ T cells that mediate cell-mediated immunity.

Altogether, CXCR5+CCR5- CD4 T cells that regulate humoral immunity are allowed greater freedom to operate and expand during HIV-1 infection, but at the same time can contain HIV DNA at levels at least as high as in other CD4 subsets.

The regulation of CXCR4 expression in CD4+ T lymphocytes by IL-4 and IL-10 could be blocked by a selective inhibitor of protein kinase (staurosporine) or by a selective inhibitor of cAMP- and cGMP-dependent protein kinase (H-8), indicating that these cytokines regulate CXCR4 on CD4+ T lymphocytes via both cAMP and cGMP signalling pathways.

Administration of α(1) PI to HIV-1 infected and uninfected subjects resulted in dramatic increases in CD4 counts suggesting α(1) PI participates in regulating the number of CD4(+) T cells in blood.

CD45 is a protein tyrosine phosphatase receptor which negatively regulates CD40L-CD40-induced microglial M1 activation.

We have previously reported that antigen-independent adhesion of CD45RO+ memory CD4+ T cells to B cells is negatively regulated by CD4-MHC class II interaction, whereas that of CD45RA+ naive CD4+ T cells is not.

Conversely, adhesion of adult CD4+ CD45RA+ subpopulation to B cells is not regulated by ligands of CD4.

An immune modulation complex is proposed which recognizes and is driven by an MHC presented epitope of the CD4 molecule present on the surface of up regulated CD4+ lymphocytes.

Conditional analyses indicate that there are two major independent quantitative trait loci (QTL) in the MHC region that regulate CD4:CD8 ratio: one is located in the class I cluster and influences CD8 levels, whereas the second is located in the class II cluster and regulates CD4 levels.

The control of CD4(+) Th cells by Ag-specific CTL, therefore, maybe another mechanism to regulate CD4(+) T cell expansion in normal immune responses or cause immunopathology during the course of viral infections such as HIV.

A multicopy gene, SRY, was first found, and sequence variation was only detected in SRY in a screen of 29 loci in 13 DNA pools of individual camels.

The single copy X-chromosome-linked gene AR and the single copy Y-chromosome-linked gene Sry were both detected with qPCR for the rat genomic DNA sample and the AR/Sry ratio was calculated.

Amelogenin Y allelic loss was observed in seven male samples, SRY positive cases was detected in five of them, and two were SRY negative.

Y-STR type was detected in four cases of the five SRY positive cases, which was not detected in the two SRY negative cases.

The presence of TDF protein in human sera was detected by the anti-P1 Ab, suggesting a role of TDF in endocrine metabolism.

The highly sensitive technique of reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction (RTPCR) could not detect Sry expression in 14-day testes when primers for the most conserved portion of the gene, the high mobility group (HMG) box, were used, but primers for the circular form detected Sry transcription at all postnatal stages studied.

H19RNA impeded ZEB1\s inhibitory action by interacting with ZEB1 protein to prevent its binding to the EpCAM promoter.

Co-immunoprecipitation demonstrated that ZNF24 interacted with importin-β and this interaction required the ZF motifs.

ZFs 1-4 have been shown to interact with SMAD3/4, while the remaining ZFs are expected to bind the promoters of target genes.

ZNF76 interacts with TBP through both its N and C termini, and both regions are required for ZNF76 to exert its inhibitory function on p53-mediated transactivation.

Maintenance and differentiation of progenitor cells in the developing enteric nervous system are controlled by molecules such as the signaling protein endothelin 3 (EDN3), its receptor (the endothelin receptor type B [ EDNRB]), and the transcription factors SRY-box 10 (SOX10) and zinc finger E-box binding homeobox 2 (ZEB2).

This compound decreased the total level and phosphorylated nuclear level of signal transducer and activator of transcription 3 (Stat3) and reduced the mRNA and protein levels of sex determining region Y (SRY)-box 2 (SOX2), in mammospheres.

These states serve to demonstrate the functionality of the model and how state-specific results can be translated into a state-specific impact statement using template language.

Silencing CD47 significantly suppressed cell viability and orosphere formation, accompanied by a downregulated expression of CD133, SRY-Box transcription factor 2 (SOX2), octamer-binding transcription factor 4 (OCT4), and c-Myc.

When filtering the results of the PPI network analysis using Cytohubba, a total of 10 hub genes, including proteolipid protein 1, myelin associated oligodendrocyte basic protein, contactin 2, myelin oligodendrocyte glycoprotein, myelin basic protein, myelin associated glycoprotein, SRY-box transcription factor 10, C-X-C motif chemokine ligand 8 (CXCL8), vascular endothelial growth factor A (VEGFA) and plasmolipin, were identified.

Moreover, reducing nigral SRY expression diminished or removed the male bias in nigrostriatal degeneration, mitochondrial degradation, DNA damage, and neuroinflammation in the 6-OHDA rat model of PD, suggesting that SRY directly contributes to the sex differences in PD.

Treatment with pacritinib and the combination of pacritinib and TMZ appeared to significantly reduce the tumorigenesis of GBM/GAM PDX mice as well as overcome TMZ resistance and M2 polarization of GAMs.

These results indicate that ZFP36L2 reduces the expression of Ikzf2 and suppresses iTreg function, raising the interesting possibility that the inhibition of ZFP36L2 in iTregs could be a therapeutic strategy for autoimmune diseases.

ZIKV challenge following immunization of mice with ZIKV-specific and ZIKV/DENV cross-reactive epitopes elicited CD8+ T cell responses that reduced infectious ZIKV levels, and CD8+ T cell depletions confirmed that CD8+ T cells mediated this protection.

High levels of nuclear FUS/Caz became insoluble and reduced the endogenous Caz levels, confirming FUS autoregulation in Drosophila.

The function of ZIKV NS4A in regulating growth is maintained in the wing, where ZIKV NS4A overexpression in the pouch domain results in reduced growth linked with diminished expression of Notch targets, Wingless (Wg) and Cut, and the Notch reporter, NRE-GFP Thus, our study provides evidence that ZIKV infection in Drosophila results in restricted growth of the developing eye and wing, wherein eye phenotype is induced through regulation of JAK/STAT signaling, whereas restricted wing growth is induced through regulation of Notch signaling.

In summation, we showed the potential of pacritinib alone or in combination with TMZ to suppress GBM tumorigenesis via modulating STAT3/miR-21/PDCD4 signaling.

Moreover, the JAK/STAT3 signaling pathway was activated after farnesol treatment, and inhibition of STAT3 phosphorylation by stattic remarkably suppressed the expression level of ZO-1.

As a mechanism of growth promotion by IL-10, HBZ interacts with STAT1 and STAT3 and modulates the IL-10/JAK/STAT signaling pathway.

As so, we propose a premise where HZ present in human dendritic cells (DCs) could modulate HIV-1 transfer to CD4(+) T cells.

In addition, ZA could enhance the expression of the ZBTB16 and decrease its promoter regions methylation and on the opposite side, it diminished mRNA expression of Sox9, Twist1, and PPARγ2 genes and increased their methylation rates.

The near-band-edge emission intensity of the ZnO nanorods was enhanced through the VC-FTFA method, increasing significantly by a factor of 56 compared to that of ZnO films annealed in open air at 700 ° C.

The emergence of ZIKV in the Americas corresponded with enhanced disease severity and congenital Zika syndrome, a phenotype characterized by severe microcephaly, brain anomalies, ocular anomalies, congenital contractures and neurological impairments.

Our results demonstrate that (i) GSCs located in the SVZ are specifically resistant to radiation in vivo, (ii) these cells display enhanced mesenchymal roots that are known to be associated with cancer radioresistance, (iii) these mesenchymal traits are specifically upregulated by CXCL12 (stromal cell-derived factor-1) both in vitro and in the SVZ environment, (iv) the amount of SVZ-released CXCL12 mediates GBM resistance to radiation in vitro, and (v) interferes with the CXCL12/CXCR4 signalling system, allowing weakening of the tumor mesenchymal roots and radiosensitizing SVZ-nested GBM cells.

, SRY, WT1, DHH, NR5A1, DMRT1, AR, SRD5A2, MAMLD1) involved in DSD but also provided us 12 more potential candidate genes (ACVR1, AMHR2, CTNNB1, CYP11A1, CYP19A1, FGFR2, FGF9, PRKACA, PRKACG, SMAD9, TERT, ZFPM2), which benefit from a close association with the well-established genes involved in DSD and might be useful to screen owing to their direct gene-phenotype relationship or through direct functional interaction.

NKG7 function in natural killer and CD8+ T cells was linked with their ability to regulate the translocation of CD107a to the cell surface and kill cellular targets, while NKG7 also had a major impact on CD4+ T cell activation following infection.

B cells and hematopoietic CD80/86 regulate the population size, whereas MHCII expression by dendritic cells is sufficient for IMP CD4(+) T cell functional development and prevention of pathogenesis.

NOD mice possess 11-fold fewer Ly-49+ CD8 Tregs than nonautoimmune mice, a deficiency that worsens as NOD mice age toward diabetes and leaves them unable to regulate CD4 T follicular helper cells.

We here describe novel aspects of CD8(+) and CD4(+) T cell subset interactions that may be clinically relevant and provide new tools for regulating the reconstitution of the peripheral CD8(+) T cell pools in immune-deficient states.

Rather, CD49a supports CD8+ TRM persistence within skin regulates epidermal CD8+ TRM dendritic extensions, and increases the frequency of IFN-γ+ CD8+ TRM following local antigen challenge.

Expression of the CD8A gene has been shown to be regulated by post-transcriptional mechanisms when 1) CD4(-) CD8(lo) thymocytes are blocked from differentiating into CD4(+) CD8(+) cells by TCR crosslinking and 2) upon activation of mature CD8(+) T cells.

AP4 interacts with Runx1 in cells in which Cd4 is silenced, and is required for Cd4 silencing in immature DN thymocytes through binding to the proximal enhancer.

Several transcription factors are known to control the emergence of CD4 and CD8 lineages, including the zinc finger proteins Thpok and Gata3, which are required for CD4 lineage differentiation, and the Runx factors Runx1 and Runx3, which contribute to CD8 lineage differentiation.

Unexpectedly, early priming of CD4+ T cells against tumour-derived antigens also required cDC1, and this was not simply because they transport antigens to lymph nodes for processing by cDC2, as selective deletion of major histocompatibility class II molecules in cDC1 also prevented early CD4+ T cell priming.

CD4 T cells support a variety of cells required for protective immunity, and perturbations to the CD4 T cell compartment can decrease overall immune system fitness.

Finally, we highlight how tumor-infiltrating CD4 T cells and dendritic cells interact with CD8 T cells within organized lymphoid-like areas in the tumor and propose a CD8 T cell differentiation model that requires the collaboration of CD4 T cells and dendritic cells.

TCR activation of CD4(+) target T cells was required for CD8(+) Treg cells to exert suppressive activity, which was mediated through lysis of CD4(+) targets in a cell contact-dependent manner.

Jak3 is constitutively associated with CD40, and this interaction requires a proline-rich sequence in the membrane-proximal region of CD40.

Consequently, the anti-atherogenic role of CD44 may require CD44-deficiency on cell types other than inflammatory cells in the LDL receptor-deficient mouse model.

HIV-1 entry into CD4(+) T cells requires binding of the virus to CD4 followed by engagement of either the C-C chemokine receptor 5 (CCR5) or C-X-C chemokine receptor 4 (CXCR4) coreceptor.

Regardless, an unknown number of autoreactive CD4+Foxp3- T cells escape negative selection and in the periphery require continuous suppression by CD4+Foxp3+ regulatory cells (Tregs).

Cotransfer of CD25+CD45RBlo CD4+ T cells prevented CD45RBhiCD4+ T cell-driven colitis in both Cre+ and Cre- recipients, demonstrating that IRF4 expression by cDC is not required for CD4+ regulatory T cell-mediated control of colitis.

Adoptive transfer of B cells deficient in either MHCII or co-stimulatory molecule CD40, molecules required for B and CD4 T cell interaction, into B cell-deficient μMT-/- ApoE-/- mice failed to increase atherosclerosis.

Subsequent investigation indicated that Coil29 nanofibers possessed internal CD4+ T cell epitopes: whereas Q11 nanofibers required co-assembly of additional CD4+ T cell epitopes to be immunogenic, Coil29 nanofibers did not.

Tumor-specific CD8 T\240\cell responses arose independently of CD4 T\240\cells, but they required Th1-polarized CD4 T\240\cells for efficient tumor suppression.

Sustained signals by interaction between MHC class II and TCR/CD4 is required for commitment to the CD4 helper lineage.

The CD4+ T cell help required for the development and maintenance of the GC is delivered by follicular Th cells (T(FH)), a CD4+ Th cell subset characterized by expression of Bcl-6 and secretion of IL-21.

Consistent with this, genetic ablation of MHC II in tumor cells, both in the case of B lymphoma and B16 melanoma, did not preclude rejection of tumors by tumor antigen-specific CD4+ T cells in vivo These findings demonstrate that MHC class II expression on tumor cells themselves is not required for CD4+ T-cell-mediated rejection and that indirect display on host APC is sufficient for effective tumor elimination.

The CD4+ lineage-specific transcription factor Thpok is required for intrathymic CD4+ T cell differentiation and, together with its homolog LRF, supports CD4+ T cell helper effector responses.

We found that while envelopes with low CD4 dependence tend to infect primary CD4(+) T cells better than those required optimum CD4 for entry, no significant association was found between low CD4 usage and infectivity of primary CD4(+) T cells by Env-pseudotyped viruses and their sensitivity to CCR5 antagonist TAK-779.

CD4+ T-cell killing required HIV1 fusion and/or entry into these cells, but neither HIV1 envelope-mediated CD4 or CXCR4 signaling nor the presence of the HIV1 Nef protein in the viral particles.

Using flow cytometric techniques to assess the binding and entry of green fluorescent protein (GFP)-Vpr-labeled HIV virions into primary peripheral blood mononuclear cells, we have found that HIV fusion and endocytosis are restricted to the CD4-expressing subset of cells and that both pathways commonly require the initial binding of HIV virions to surface CD4 receptors.

These results indicate that engagement of both CD4 and CXCR4 is required for HIV-induced shedding of L-selectin on primary resting CD4(+) T cells.

Furthermore, chimeric viruses expressing gp120 proteins with reduced CD4 binding abilities are viable, suggesting that primary viruses may require a less avid interaction with the receptor CD4 to initiate infection than do their laboratory-adapted counterparts.

Infection and entry of CD4(+) cells by human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) requires a coreceptor molecule, which, in concert with CD4, interacts with the viral envelope glycoprotein (Env), leading to membrane fusion.

HIV-1 entry into CD4(+) cells requires the sequential interactions of the viral envelope glycoproteins with CD4 and a coreceptor such as the chemokine receptors CCR5 and CXCR4.

The presence of CD4 and CXCR4 on target cells is required for this process, but Env-induced autophagy is independent of CD4 signaling.

The simple relation between viral load and CD4 T-cell depletion allows prediction of the level of viral control required to prevent CD4 T-cell depletion in acute SHIV infection.

Of note, although HSV-2 induced the expression of all the three CXCR3 ligands, the induced CXCL9 appeared to play a predominant role in promoting CD4+ T cell migration, reflecting that the concentrations of CXCL10 and CXCL11 required for CD4+ T cell migration are higher than that of CXCL9.

Furthermore, CD4+ T cell intrinsic IL-21R/STAT3 signaling was required for CD4+ T cell effector responses, including IL-22 production.

Under physiological conditions, activation of CD4+ T cells by major histocompatibility complex (MHC) antigen complexes requires engagement of both the T cell receptor and the CD4 molecule.

The membrane glycoprotein CD4 is required for optimal antigen-mediated activation of CD4+ T cells restricted by class II molecules of the major histocompatibility complex (MHC).

The CD4-dependent alteration of adhesion required the association of CD4 with p56lck because expression of mutant forms of CD4 unable to bind p56lck resulted in a lack of CD4-dependent regulation of adhesion.

Our lab has shown that the interaction of B and CD4 T cells that is central to MAIDS pathogenesis requires ligation of CD40 on B cells by CD154 on CD4 T cells.

Runx1 is required for active repression in CD4(-) CD8(-) thymocytes whereas Runx3 is required for establishing epigenetic silencing in cytotoxic lineage thymocytes.

Here we show that the transcription factor AML1 (acute myeloid leukaemia 1)/Runx1 (Runt-related transcription factor 1), which is crucially required for normal haematopoiesis including thymic T-cell development, activates IL-2 and IFN-gamma gene expression in conventional CD4+ T cells through binding to their respective promoters.

Through the use of Runx1-overexpressing cells from transgenic mice, we demonstrate that interference with TCR-mediated Runx1 down-regulation inhibits IL-2 production and proliferation in activated CD4+ T cells.

Our chromatin immunoprecipitation assays revealed that Runx1 inhibits the elongation but not initiation of transcription and that RNAPII is engaged at the CD4 promoter but is unable to elongate in CD4(-) CD8(+) thymoma cells.

Here we show that the transcription factor AML1 (acute myeloid leukaemia 1)/Runx1 (Runt-related transcription factor 1), which is crucially required for normal haematopoiesis including thymic T-cell development activates IL-2 and IFN-gamma gene expression in conventional CD4+ T cells through binding to their respective promoters.

We find arginine-methylated RUNX1 on the promoters of two bona fide RUNX1 target genes, CD41 and PU.

Runx1 may also be involved in CD4 silencing in CD8+ T-cells.

The Runx1 domains involved in regulating the expression of several genes in peripheral CD4(+) T cells were analysed.

Runx1 binds the CD4 silencer and represses transcription in immature double negative thymocytes.

BAF57 dominant negative mutant does not alter these frames, but reduces the accessibility of the entire silencer without affecting the flanking regions, concomitant with localized accumulation of linker histone H1 and eviction of Runx1, a key repressor of CD4 transcription that directly binds the CD4 silencer.

Runx1 binds the silencer and represses CD4 transcription in immature thymocytes.

Furthermore, the CD44 promoter is bound by AML1-ETO9a and AML1-ETO at the chromatin level.

Runx1 also activates CD8 as the double negative population progresses to double positive thymocytes.

Runx3 establishes epigenetic silencing in CD4-CD8+ cytotoxic T-cells by binding the CD4 silencer core sequence.

Using GPI-anchored ZZ to couple anti-CD4 antibodies to liposomes, we created immunoliposomes with a binding efficiency of 75 % to CD4+ cells in splenocytes and minimal off-target binding.

Conversely, the proximal D4 domain of CD4 is the binding site of the cytokine IL-16 and is highly conserved, allowing for promiscuous binding of IL-16 to CD4 between disparate gnathostomes.

The use of small-molecule viral inhibitors that allosterically block CD4 binding represents an alternative strategy for stabilizing Env trimer in the pre-CD4 triggered state of both soluble and membrane-bound trimers.

Furthermore, OPN was found to induce H3 acetylation of the IL17A gene promoter, mainly through the CD44 binding domain in CD4+ T cells, allowing the interaction of the IL17A gene locus with ROR.

HR1 mutations had minimal effect on virus sensitivity to other classes of entry inhibitors, including those targeting CD4 binding (BMS-806 and a CD4-specific monoclonal antibody [ MAb]), coreceptor binding (CXCR4 inhibitor AMD3100 and CCR5 inhibitor TAK-779), or fusion (T-1249), indicating that ENF-resistant viruses can remain sensitive to other entry inhibitors in vivo.

By contrast, the CD4-langerin and CD4-mannose binding lectin (MBL) CARs uniformly displayed enhanced potency compared with the CD4 CAR against all the genetically diverse HIV-1 isolates examined.

Strikingly, iMac239 retained the ability to replicate in cell lines and primary cells even when its CD4 binding site had been ablated by deletion of a highly conserved aspartic acid at position 385, which, for HIV-1, plays a critical role in CD4 binding.

At least in a single patient, T cells binding to the AAGIGILTV epitope were detected in naive, precursor (CD45RA+/CCR7+) CD8+ T cells, and CD8+ T cells binding to the analog ELAGIGILTV peptide were identified in the terminally differentiated (CD45RA+/CCR7-) T-cell subset.

An extensive in vitro binding study indicated that TRAF2 and TRAF3 bind to the CD40 cytoplasmic tail (CD40ct) with much higher affinity than TRAF5 and TRAF6 and that TRAF2 and TRAF3 bind to different residues of the CD40ct.

Using CD40 mutants incapable of binding TRAF2, TRAF3, or Jak3, we found that the TRAF2-binding site of the CD40ct is critical for NF-kappaB and stress-activated protein kinase activation, as well as the up-regulation of the intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1) gene, whereas binding of TRAF3 and Jak3 is dispensable for all of these functions.

Although D1D2-CD4-CCR5 was sufficient to permit ENV-mediated fusion, D1-CD4-CCR5 and human D1/mouse D2-CD4-CCR5 lacked CD4 function and binding to a neutralizing antibody mapped to D1-CD4.

In particular, a CD4-specific MAb designated DB81 (IgG1Κ) was found to preferentially bind to a complex-enhanced epitope on the D2 domain of human CD4.

Many amino acid substitutions were common across mice, including losses of N-linked glycosylation sites and substitutions in the CD4 binding site and in CD4-induced epitopes, indicating common selective pressures between mice.

Both siRNA-mediated reduction of CD44 expression and antibodies that block the interaction of CD44 with HA provided evidence that CXCL12-induced CXCR4 signaling depends on the binding of hHA to CD44.

We have developed a binding assay to show that HIV envelope (Env) can interact with CXCR4 independently of CD4 but that this binding is markedly enhanced by the previous interaction of Env with soluble CD4.

Because human CD4+ T-cell reactivity relies on the recognition of peptides bound to HLA class II, prediction, or measurement of the capacity of different peptides to bind or be natural ligands of HLA class II is used as a predictor of CD4+ T-cell reactivity and ADA development.

CD40, a costimulatory receptor molecule, expressed mainly on antigen presenting cells, some non-immune cells and tumors binds to CD40 ligand molecule expressed transiently on T-cells and non-immune cells under inflammatory conditions.

Here we report on a complementary approach to expand specific B cells using an anti-idiotypic antibody, iv8, that selects for naive human B cells expressing immunoglobulin light chains with 5-amino acid complementarity determining region 3 s, a key feature of anti-CD4 binding site (CD4bs)-specific VRC01-class antibodies.

Elicitation of broadly neutralizing Ab (bNAb) responses toward the conserved HIV-1 envelope (Env) CD4 binding site (CD4bs) by vaccination is an important goal for vaccine development and yet to be achieved.

Here we describe 1-18, a new VH1-46-encoded CD4 binding site (CD4bs) bNAb with outstanding breadth (97 %) and potency (GeoMean IC50\240\= 0.048 \240\μg/mL).

Analysis of the T-cell receptor (TCR) repertoire of innate CD4(+) T cells selected by major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class II-dependent thymocyte-thymocyte (T-T) interaction (T-T CD4(+) T cells) is essential for predicting the characteristics of the antigens that bind to these T cells and for distinguishing T-T CD4(+) T cells from other types of innate T cells.

As opposed to other cytokines, whose effects are not limited to the CD4(+) T cell subset, IL-16 exerts its biological properties by exclusive binding and signaling through CD4 receptor.

The pan HLA-DR binding epitope (PADRE peptide) is capable of generating antigen-specific CD4+ T cells that bind various MHC class II molecules with high affinity and has been widely used in conjunction with vaccines to improve their potency by enhancing CD4+ T cell responses.

In vivo, these CD8+ T cells form direct stable contacts with motile naïve CD4+ T cells, recruiting them to Ag+DC binding and to the formation of ternary complexes, where CD4+ and CD8+ T cells interact with the DC and with one another.

this was accompanied by increased sCD4 sensitivity, with structural changes in the CD4 binding site, the V3 loop and/or the fusion domain of their Envs that are suggestive of better CD4 contact, CCR5 usage and/or virus fusion.

In the absence of immunological restrictions, variants that adopt an " open" Env to expose the CD4 binding site for better CD4 use are selected, allowing structural changes that confer CXCR4-use to be manifested.

On the other hand, layer 1 plays an important role in stabilizing the CD4-bound conformation of HIV-1 but not SIVmac gp120 and thus contributes to HIV-1 binding to CD4.

Both groups of Envs also exhibited the same CD4+ T cell subset tropism and showed similar sensitivity to neutralization by CD4 binding site (CD4bs) antibodies.

Moreover, LSA inhibits CD4-gp120 interaction by blocking the binding of antibodies specific for CD4-binding sites (CD4bs) and for the V3 loop of gp120.

Neutralization assays designed to measure the effects of CCR5 ECL2 peptides when combined with either with the small molecule CD4 mimetic NBD-556, soluble CD4, or the CCR5 N terminus showed additive inhibition for each, indicating that ECL2 binds gp120 at a site distinct from that of N terminus and acts independently of CD4.

The results indicate some conserved features in both systems, such as the rigidity of the gp120 core, the conservation of the CD4 Phe43-gp120 binding cavity contacts, a high flexibility of the V3 loop particularly in the CD4 bound form.

We show that, prior to the time of coreceptor switch, R5 viruses in both macaques evolved to become increasingly sCD4-sensitive, suggestive of enhanced exposure of the CD4 binding site and an " open" envelope conformation, and this correlated with better gp120 binding to CD4 and with more efficient infection of CD4(low) cells such as primary macrophages.

A fusion of the CD4- and CCR5-mimetic peptides, DM1 bound gp120 and neutralized R5, R5X4, and X4 HIV-1 isolates comparably to CD4, and they did so markedly more efficiently than either peptide alone.

PF-68742 was not able to block binding of monomeric gp120 to soluble CD4 or the binding of gp120:CD4 complexes to cell-associated CCR5, thus distinguishing PF-68742 from described gp120 antagonists and coreceptor binders.

How does CD4 binding trigger conformational changes in gp120 that allow the gp41 transmembrane envelope glycoprotein to mediate viral-cell membrane fusion? The transition from the unliganded to the CD4-bound state is regulated by two potentially flexible topological layers (layers 1 and 2) in the gp120 inner domain.

We used fluorescence spectroscopy to determine that PA binds to the CD4 receptor with K(d) approximately 1.5 +/- 0.2 microM, and we used one-dimensional saturation transfer difference NMR (STD-NMR) to determined that the PA binding epitope for CD4 consists of the hydrophobic methyl and methelene groups located away from the PA carboxyl terminal, which blocks efficient gp120-CD4 attachment.

The adaptive amino acid changes had no impact on CCR5 antagonist resistance but made virus more sensitive to neutralization by antibodies to the CD4 binding site, modestly enhanced affinity for CD4, and made TA1 more responsive to CD4 binding.

Pre-incubation of cells with a saturating concentration of anti-CD4 mAbs reduced the antiviral potency of CD4-BFFI, suggesting that binding of CD4-BFFI to the cell surface via its CD4 mAb portion is required for the antiviral potency of its fusion inhibitor moiety.

gp120 from two functional HIV-1 subtype C clones, Du151 and MOLE1, bound CCR5 with high affinity in the presence of CD4 and Du151 showed significant CCR5 binding in the absence of CD4.

Adsorption with gp120 immobilized on beads revealed that an often large but variable fraction of plasma neutralization was directed to gp120 and that in some cases, neutralization was largely mediated by CD4 binding site (CD4bs) Abs.

Here we adapt methods from combinatorial chemistry to optimize CD4M33, a synthetic miniprotein into which we had previously transplanted the HIV-1 gp120 binding surface of the CD4 receptor.

The CD4 binding site on FAT presents the same features as the established CD4 binding site on the HIV-1 Nef protein.

The binding of FAT to CD4 is incompatible with the binding of Lck to CD4.

Molecular models indicate N362 is located adjacent to the CD4 binding loop of gp120, and suggest N362 may enhance fusogenicity by promoting greater exposure of the CD4bs and/or stabilizing the CD4-bound Env structure.

In the CD4-bound state, however, V1/V2 loop was rearranged near the bound CD4 to support CD4 binding.

Two CD4 binding site (CD4bs) Abs also showed this behavior relatively infrequently.

Here, we report on an anti-CD4 mAb (15 A7) that displays a unique binding specificity for domain 1 of CD4, whose epitope partially overlaps with the gp120 binding region.

Conformational integrity was further demonstrated by its high affinity binding to soluble CD4, CD4 binding site antibodies such as b12 and VRC01, quaternary epitope-specific antibody PG9, and CD4-induced epitope-specific antibody 17 b.

Env possesses conserved antigenic determinants, such as the gp120 primary receptor CD4 binding site (CD4bs), a known neutralization target.

Binding kinetics revealed high-affinity recognition by seven broadly neutralizing CD4bs-directed antibodies and low to no binding by non-broadly neutralizing CD4bs-directed antibodies.

HIV and SIV generally require CD4 binding prior to coreceptor engagement, but Env can acquire the ability to use CCR5 independently of CD4 under various circumstances.

The same inhibitor, antibodies blocking the CD4 binding site on gp120, or soluble CD4 also prevented the increase in expression of CXCR5 or PD-1, and reduced the levels of Fas-dependent cell death.

The virus infects CD4 T cells through binding to CD4 and one of the chemokine coreceptors, CXCR4 (X4) or CCR5 (R5).

However, CD4+ uninfected bystander cells in HIV+ cell cultures bind gp120 shed from HIV+ cells exposing CD4-induced epitopes normally hidden in native Env.

In this study, we investigated CD4 binding to mac-tropic and non-mac-tropic Env trimers and showed that CD4-IgG binds efficiently to mac-tropic R5 Env trimers, while binding to non-mac-tropic trimers was undetectable.

Our data indicated that the CD4 binding site (CD4bs) is highly occluded on Env trimers of non-mac-tropic R5 viruses.

Small-molecule CD4-mimetic compounds (CD4mc) bind gp120 and act as competitive inhibitors of gp120-CD4 engagement.

We observed that a network of interactions involving some residues of the β8-α5 region in SIVmac239 layer 3 may contribute to CD4 binding by helping shape the nearby Phe 43 cavity, which directly contacts CD4.

The human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infects blood CD4 T cells through binding to CD4 and the chemokine co-receptor, CXCR4 or CCR5.

HIV-1 specifically targets CD4+ helper T-cells of the human immune system and binds to the receptor CD4 and coreceptor CCR5 before fusion is initiated.

Studies aimed at elucidating mechanisms regulating infection of these cells revealed that CD4+ CD25- cells were less susceptible to FIV binding and entry than CD4+ CD25+ cells, which correlated with increased surface expression of FIV coreceptor CXCR4.

CD4-induced (CD4i) antibodies bind gp120 more efficiently after CD4 binding and block the interaction with the chemokine receptor.

Here we report the identification of a novel antibody, E51, that exhibits CD4-induced binding to gp120 and neutralizes primary HIV-1 more efficiently than the prototypic CD4i antibodies.

Anti-human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) antibodies whose binding to gp120 is enhanced by CD4 binding (CD4i antibodies) are generally considered nonneutralizing for primary HIV-1 isolates.

CD4-independent Env\s of HIV type 1 (HIV-1), HIV-2, and SIV have been identified that exhibit exposed chemokine receptor binding sites and can bind directly to CCR5 or CXCR4 in the absence of CD4.

CD4-binding-site (CD4BS) antibodies are neutralizing antibodies elicited during natural infection that are directed against gp120 epitopes that overlap the binding site for CD4.

Conversely, CD4 ectodomain targeting to a nonraft membrane fraction results in a CD4 receptor with severely diminished capacity to mediate Lck activation or HIV-1 entry, although this mutant binds gp120 as well as CD4wt.

To study the relationships between CD4 independence, neutralization sensitivity, and exposure of CD4-induced epitopes associated with the coreceptor binding site, we generated a large panel of Env mutants and chimeras between 8 x and its CD4-dependent parent, HXBc2.

Exposure of the CD4-induced epitope recognized by monoclonal antibody 17 b and which overlaps the coreceptor binding site was highly sensitive to an R298K mutation at the base of the V3 loop and was often but not always associated with CD4 independence.

The results illustrate that the measured effects of CV-N on gp120-CD4 binding interactions depend upon the type of CD4 (soluble or cell associated), but not upon the type of gp120 (soluble or virion associated), employed in the experimental protocol.

We find that the presence or absence of this V3 glycan on clade A and B viruses accorded various degrees of susceptibility to neutralization by antibodies to the CD4 binding site, CD4-induced epitopes, and chemokine receptors.

CD4-specific monoclonal antibodies (CG1, CG7, and CG8), which bind with a 5-to 10-fold higher avidity to preformed CD4-gp120 complexes than to CD4, were previously shown to recognize newly identified conformational epitopes in the D1-CDR3 region of CD4.

Infection of CD4+ T-lymphocytes by HIV-1 is initiated by binding of the virus to the CD4 receptor on the lymphocyte surface, followed by fusion of the virus with the cell membrane (1).

In contrast, the binding of virus was only partially inhibited by neutralizing anti-CD4 MAbs against the gp120 binding site in CD4, which, like the anti-V3 loop MAbs, completely inhibited HIV entry and infection.

Here we show that the binding of soluble gp120 from one macrophage-tropic and four T cell-tropic viruses to a CD4+, but not to a CD4-, T cell line, decreased the binding of an mAb specific for CXCR4 to its epitope, implying an interaction among gp120, CD4, and CXCR4.

HIV-1 attachment inhibitors (AIs), which potently inhibit Env-CD4 binding and subsequent downstream effects of Env, display low-nanomolar antiapoptotic potency and prevent CD4(+)-T-cell depletion from mixed lymphocyte cultures, also with low-nanomolar potency.

TA1 could use CCR5 but not CXCR4 to infect cells, and was extremely sensitive to neutralization by HIV-1 positive human sera, and by antibodies to the CD4 binding site and to CD4-induced epitopes in the bridging sheet region of gp120.

Although HIV Env has been implicated in apoptosis of uninfected CD4 T cells via gp120 binding to either CD4 and/or the chemokine receptor 4 (CXCR4), conflicting data exist concerning the molecular mechanisms involved.

Using primary human CD4 T cells, we demonstrate that gp120 binding to CD4 T cells activates proapoptotic p38, but does not activate antiapoptotic Akt.

The observed binding to the viral envelope spikes is the result of specific CD4-gp120 interaction, because binding was not observed with MICA-IgP, a construct that is identical to D1D2-IgP except that major histocompatibility complex Class I-related Chain A (MICA) replaces the CD4 moiety.

A panel of monoclonal Abs (MAbs), used to opsonize these target cells, showed that infected cells were preferentially recognized/eliminated by MAbs to CD4 binding site, V3 loop, and viral spike epitopes whereas bystander/coated cells were preferentially recognized/eliminated by Abs to CD4-induced (CD4i) epitopes.

The exceptions to the contiguous glycan shield include the conserved receptor CD4 binding site (CD4bs) and glycoprotein (gp) 41 elements proximal to the furin cleavage site.

Broad and potent neutralizing llama single domain antibodies (VHH) against HIV-1 targeting the CD4 binding site (CD4bs) have previously been isolated upon llama immunization.

The CD4 binding site (CD4bs) of the HIV-1 envelope glycoprotein is susceptible to multiple lineages of broadly neutralizing antibodies (bnAbs) that are attractive to elicit with vaccines.

As a result, five top-ranking compounds that mimic the key interactions of CD4 with gp120 and show the high binding affinity were identified as the most promising CD4-mimemic candidates.

We created HIV-specific CAR-T cells using human peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) and a CAR construct that enables the expression of CD4 (domains 1 and 2) and the carbohydrate recognition domain of mannose binding lectin (MBL) to target native HIV Env (CD4-MBL CAR).

Although HIV/SIV infections result in the abundant production of CD4-induced (CD4i) antibodies (Abs), these Abs are not protective due to steric restrictions following gp120 binding to CD4 on target cells.

The CD4 binding site (CD4bs) on the envelope glycoprotein is a major site of vulnerability that is conserved among different HIV-1 isolates.

To systematically explore how immunization might be tailored to produce them, we generated mice expressing the predicted germline or mature heavy chains of a potent bNAb to the CD4 binding site (CD4bs) on the HIV-1 envelope glycoprotein (Env).

Env immunogens were designed to induce CD4 binding site (CD4bs) bnAbs, but surprisingly, the macaque developed V1V2-glycan bnAbs.

The strategy of this system is to count CD4 cells indirectly, by measuring the free CD4 antibodies that were not bound by CD4 cells.

Human CD4 binds to HIV gp120 in a manner strikingly similar to the way in which CD4 interacts with pMHCII.

When CD4 binds to alternative ligands such as HIV-1 gp120 or anti-CD4 Abs, Ag stimulation of TCR/CD3 is markedly inhibited, and an unresponsive state develops.

To test this possibility, we transfected the F43I CD4 mutant, which is incapable of binding to class II MHC or human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) gp120, into COS-7 cells together with wild-type CD4 (wtCD4).

Although CD4 transfection in CD4low HUT78 T cell lines did not significantly modify their maximal binding to B cells and fibroblasts, it made the LFA-1-dependent adhesion sensitive to inhibition by anti-CD4 Ab, HIV-1 (env) gp 160, and a 12-mer peptide encompassing the 35-46 sequence of the beta 1 domain of the MHC class II molecule.

Screening of microbial metabolites for CD4-binding activity using an enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay based on the binding of the CD4-specific monoclonal antibody (mAb), anti-Leu3a, identified a family of compounds comprising several novel polyketides.

Anergy of non-infected CD4 cells, resulting in cytokine dysregulation may be promoted by impairing the CD4-MHC interaction during CD4 cell activation either directly through the SLWDQ pentapeptide identity with the CD4 molecule and the CD4 binding region or through a gp120-induced autoimmune reaction to CD4.

The CD4 dimer allows tight binding to a large surface of MHC-II and the complex of CD4 and MHC-II reconciles mutational analysis studies that were previously incompatible.

Since HIV uses CD4 as a receptor, it may bind to CD4 homologues on CMV, HTLV, EBV or sperm proteins.

Strategies of drug design aimed at interrupting CD4-HIV interaction will need to consider the extensive overlap between class II MHC and HIV gp120 binding surfaces in this region of CD4.

Anti-CD4 antibodies, which cross-compete with gp120 for binding to CD4, inhibited the response to antigen of monoclonal T cells.

Comparison of the amino acid sequences of human, mouse and rat CD4 revealed that basic residues in human CD4 which could participate in a polyanion binding site are conserved in mouse and rat CD4.

It is thought therefore that at least part of the gp160 inhibitory activity is not secondary to CD4 modulation but may rely either upon steric hindrance of CD4-MHC class II interaction, of CD4/CD3 TCR complex interaction, or upon negative signaling through binding to CD4.

Together, these results support the role of part of the 418-460 region of gp160 as a binding site to CD4, and suggest that binding of part of this region to CD4 can alter T cell proliferation and adhesion.

We have studied a series of mutants in the region of amino acids 42-49 of CD4 for their ability to bind gp120, to interact with class II MHC, to enhance T-cell activation, and to bind a panel of anti-CD4 antibodies.

These observations are consistent with a three-dimensional model of the V1 domain of CD4 that was developed in order to understand the structural basis for binding to CD4.

CD4 also functions as a receptor for human immunodeficiency virus type-I (HIV-1) because the viral envelope glycoprotein gp120 binds to CD4 with a high affinity.

The remaining three contain sequences that had been previously demonstrated to induce CD8+ T cell response in Chagas\ disease patients, or bind HLA-A,02:01, but are, in this study, demonstrated to engage CD4+ T cells.

CD4+ T cells recognize MHC 2 bound antigens, while CD8+ T cells recognize MHC 1 bound antigens.

The control of many persistent viral infections by Ag-specific cytolytic CD8+ T cells requires a concurrent virus-specific CD4+ Th cell response.

Finally, mature DCs pulsed with matrix peptide induced CTLs from highly purified CD8+ T cells without requiring CD4+ T cell help.

Subset analysis demonstrated that CD4+ T cells or addition of exogenous interleukin-2 was required for the induction of CD8+ CTL.

However, in the absence of inflammatory conditions, cooperation between CD4 and CD8 T cells likely is required for an effective primary CD8 T cell response directed against allo-HLA class I.

Thus, combinations of CD4(+) Th1 immune interventions and multivalent targeting of HER family members may be required for optimal anti-HER2/neu CD8(+) T-cell-directed immunotherapy.

In immunosuppressed solid organ transplant recipients, a delayed appearance of HCMV-specific CD4+ T cells is associated with prolonged viremia and more severe clinical disease, while in haematopoietic stem cell transplant recipients, it has been suggested that HCMV-specific CD4+ T cells are required for HCMV-specific CD8+ T cells to exert their anti-viral effects.

In addition, adoptive T-cell immunotherapy in transplant patients has shown that the presence of HCMV-specific CD4+ T cells is required for the maintenance of HCMV-specific CD8+ T cells.

Recovery of the HSV-specific CD8+ T cell population after stress and corticosterone treatment occurred with homeostatic levels of cell division and did not require CD4+ T cell help.

Despite this rapid expression, CD49a is not required for the generation of a primary CD8+ T\240\cell response to cutaneous herpes simplex virus (HSV) infection, migration of CD8+ T\240\cells across the epidermal basement membrane, or positioning of TRM within basal epidermis.

CD4+ T cell help is required for the generation of CD8+ cytotoxic T lymphocyte (CTL) memory.

Host defense against viruses and intracellular parasites depends on effector CD8(+) T cells, whose optimal clonal expansion, differentiation, and memory properties require signals from CD4(+) T cells.

Our findings indicate that CD4+ T-cell help is required to establish an effective antiviral CD8+ T-cell response in the liver during acute viral infection.

In a mouse model achieving fully MHC-mismatched allogeneic bone marrow engraftment with minimal conditioning (3 Gy total body irradiation followed by anti-CD154 and T cell-depleted allogeneic bone marrow cells), CD4 T cells in the recipient are required to promote tolerance of preexisting alloreactive recipient CD8 T cells and thereby permit chimerism induction.

Memory CD8+ T cell activation within allografts subjected to prolonged CIS requires memory CD4+ T cell stimulation of graft DCs to produce p40 homodimers, but not IL-12 p40/p35 heterodimers.

Furthermore, CD8+ cytotoxic T lymphocytes require activation by CD4+ T cells.

Using murine anti-thymocyte globulin (mATG) in a mouse model of heart transplantation, we previously reported that the homeostatic recovery of CD8+ T cells requires help from depletion-resistant memory CD4+ T cells delivered through CD40-expressing B cells.

Following this initial priming immunization with LAMP/gag DNA, booster immunizations with native gag DNA or the LAMP/gag chimera are equally efficient in eliciting B- and T-cell secondary responses, results in accordance with observations that secondary expansion of CD8+ cells in the boost phase does not require additional CD4+ help.

Collaboration between proliferating CD4-positive cells and CD8-positive cells may thus be required to produce CTL of the CD8 phenotype.

The data suggest that cytotoxic CD4+ T-cells may play a significant role in immunity to melanoma, and HLA class-I-restricted recognition of melanoma may not necessarily require the CD8 molecule on the lytic T-cell.

Optimal priming of single-cell gamma interferon (IFN-gamma) production by CD8(+) T cells required CD4(+) T cells and was broadly directed to multiple regions of Gag, Env, and Nef that corresponded to known and predicted major histocompatibility complex class I epitopes.

In the nine HLA-B:Bw4-80Ile-positive patients, we demonstrated a strong viral suppression by KIR3DL1-expressing CD8(+) T-cells that required cell-to-cell contact to switch off the activation signals in infected CD4(+) T-cells.

In summary, our data demonstrate that CD4+ T cells require continuous stimulation for clonal expansion, whereas CD8+ T cells can divide following a much shorter TCR signal.

The ability of primed macrophages to reject allografts essentially requires the help of CD4+ T cells and does not require the help of CD8+ T cells.

However, the paucity of terminally differentiated CD8(+) T cells at tumor site suggests that immunotherapy strategies may require not only the boosting of tumor immunity, but also effective means to promote CD8(+) T-cell differentiation in the neoplastic tissue.

CD8(+) T-cell depletion completely abrogated the vaccine efficacy, and so protection required CD8(+) T cells.

We found significantly higher frequencies of SNV-specific T cells in patients with severe HPS requiring mechanical ventilation (up to 44.2 % of CD8(+) T cells) than in moderately ill HPS patients hospitalized but not requiring mechanical ventilation (up to 9.8 % of CD8(+) T cells).

In mice, T cell factor 1 (TCF-1) maintains exhausted CD8+ T cell responses, whereas thymocyte selection-associated HMG box (TOX) is required for the epigenetic remodeling and survival of exhausted CD8+ T cells.

Adam15 deficiency in CD8+ T cells was required for the exaggerated pulmonary inflammation and COPD-like disease in CS-exposed Adam15-/- mice (as assessed by genetically deleting CD8+ T cells in Adam15-/- mice).

The Cd8 enhancer E8(I) and Runx/core-binding factor-β (CBFβ) complexes were required for the establishment of this regulatory circuit, because E8(I)-, Runx3-, or CBFβ-deficient CD8(+) T cells down-regulated CD8α expression during activation.

Moreover, activated E8 I-core-/-E8 VI -/- CD8+ T cells lost CD8 expression to a greater degree than E8 I-core-/- and E8 VI -/- CD8+ T cells, suggesting that the combined activity of both enhancers is required for establishment and maintenance of CD8 expression before and after TCR activation.

While CD8+ T cell recovery required MHC class I expression in the host, the reconstitution occurred independently of MHC class I, MHC class II, or CD80/CD86 expression on B cells.

The relative reliance on these pathways is contingent on the nature of the secondary challenge (greater for chronic than acute viral infections) and over time, aging CD8+TM re-establish a dependence on the same accessory signals required for effective priming of naïve CD8+T cells in the first place.

By studying knockout mice, we provide evidence that CD8+ T cells are required for the displacement of the DETC and that DETC are not required for recruitment of CD8+ TRM cells to the epidermis following allergen exposure.

Type 1 CD8α+ conventional dendritic cells (cDC1s) are required for CD8+ T\240\cell priming but, paradoxically, promote splenic Listeria monocytogenes infection.

Moreover, thymocyte selection-associated high mobility group box protein TOX (TOX) promoted the persistence of antiviral CD8+ T cells and was required for the programming of progenitor-like CD8+ T cells.

however, using the newly established BCL6 conditional knockout mouse model, we demonstrate that BCL6 is dispensable for the maintenance of established memory CD8+ T cell pool, although BCL6 is still required for the generation of CD8+ memory precursors upon acute viral infection.

CXCR3 and its ligand CXCL9 were critical for a productive CD8+ T\240\cell response in tumor-bearing mice treated with anti-PD-1 but were not required for the infiltration of CD8+ T\240\cells into tumors.

Full activation of CD8+ T cells requires both expression of major histocompatibility complex class I molecules (HLA-ABC) and expression of the T cell costimulatory molecule CD80 or CD86.

Generation of a CD8(+) response to extracellular antigen requires processing of the antigen by antigen presenting cells (APC) and cross-presentation to CD8(+) T cell receptors via MHC class I molecules.

Although CD8(+) T cells are shown to mediate the protective immunity against the liver stages of malaria parasites in mice, whether the direct presentation of malaria antigen by major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class I molecules expressed on the liver of infected host is required for anti-plasmodial activity of CD8(+) T cells is still unknown.

There is an early (within seconds) interaction between CD3ζ and the coreceptor CD8 that is independent of the binding of CD8 to MHC, but that requires CD8 association with Lck.

Later (several minutes) CD3ζ-CD8 interactions require CD8-MHC binding.

Taken together, these findings suggest that de-sialylation of CD8 is required for hyper-responsiveness and beneficial anti-glioma activity by CD8 T cells.

Using M1- and M2-polarized macrophages from circulating monocytes, we found that M1-polarized macrophages, with significantly higher IL-12 expression and significantly lower IL-10 and MHC class II molecule expression, was more effective at promoting granzyme B responses in CD8 T cells, and required CD80/CD86 costimulating molecules for optimal responses.

We used a strategy to conditionally inactivate the genes encoding Runx1 or Runx3 at different stages of thymocyte development, demonstrating that Runx1 regulates the transitions of developing thymocytes from the CD4(-) CD8(-) double-negative stage to the CD4(+) CD8(+) double-positive (DP) stage and from the DP stage to the mature single-positive stage.

Thus, our observations suggest that AML1-ETO and its splice variant AML1-ETO9a are able to regulate the expression of the CD44 gene, linking the 8.

Runx1 over-expression enhanced interferon-gamma expression via its activation and VWRPY domains, and abolished interleukin-4 expression through its activation domain.

Our data indicate that precise nucleosome positioning is not critical for the CD4 silencer function and that BAF57 participates in remodeling H1-containing chromatin at the CD4 silencer, which enables Runx1 to access the silencer and repress CD4.

We describe a sampling-based inverse prediction method for predicting time from HIV infection to attainment of the CD4 threshold and apply it to a set of treatment-naive HIV-infected subjects in a village in Botswana who participated in a household survey that collected cross-sectional CD4 counts.

CD4 is expressed in a correct orientation after its capture by CD8(+) T cells as shown by its detection using conformational antibodies and its ability to allow HIV binding on recipient CD8(+) T cells.

The expanded CD8+ population contained more cells expressing CD137 (4-1 BB), CD137 (4-1 BBL), CD30 (Ki-1), CD40 and CD134 (OX40).

Low expression of Th1-associated receptors and secretion of chemokines, together with an increased amount of CD8(+) cells expressing CD45RA and CCR7 in T1D patients therefore might represent suboptimal Th function in T1D, leading to impaired T cytotoxic responses or alternatively reflect a selective recruitment of Th1 cells into the pancreas.

Anti-HIV-1 group-specific antigen (Gag) and tetanus toxoid (TTox) function improved significantly, HIV-1-associated CD8 T-cell skewing normalized, and the percentage of late-stage and major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class II expressing CD4 T-cells increased.

Whereas these cells express variable levels of CD8, they express uniformly high levels of CD4.

Furthermore, memory CD8+ T cells displayed an effector memory cell phenotype expressing CD45RO- CCR7- CD62L-.

whereas IFN-gamma+CD8+ memory T cells were mostly effector memory cells expressing CD45RO-CCR7-CD62L-.

However, the majority of memory CD8(+) T cells revealed effector memory phenotype expressing CD45RO(-) CCR7(-) CD62L(-).

At day 21, the most prevalent phenotype in the HLA-A2-restricted CD8+ T cell populations was CD45RA-CCR7-CD27+CD57+, whereas the HLA-B7-restricted CD8+ T cell population was predominantly CD45RA+CCR7-CD27+CD57+ Almost all TBEV epitope-specific CD8+ T cells expressed α4 and β1 integrins at days 7 and 21, whereas the bulk CD8+ T cells expressed lower integrin levels.

CD8(+) T cells from KIR3DL1 and KIR3DS1 homozygous individuals, and expressing the corresponding KIR, were enumerated and phenotyped for CD127, CD57 and CD45RA expression.

Expanding tetramer(+) CD8(+) T cells in PBMCs from patients with acute hepatitis C express a CD28(+) CD45RA(-) memory T-cell phenotype.

Such CD8αα expressing T cells are an effector-memory population (CD45RA-, CCR7-, CD62L-) that express markers of activation and maturation (HLA-DR+, CD28-, CD27-, CD57+) and are functionally distinct, expressing greater levels of TNF-α and IFN-γ on stimulation and perforin at rest than their CD8α+CD8β(high) counterparts.

CD8+ TRM expressing the α1 chain (CD49a) of integrin VLA-1 have been identified within sites of resolved skin infection and in vitiligo lesions.

Loss of HDAC1 and HDAC2 during late T cell development led to the appearance of major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class II-selected CD4(+) helper T cells that expressed CD8-lineage genes such as Cd8a and Cd8b1.

Following 24 \240\weeks of antiretroviral therapy, CD8+ T cells, HLA-DR expressing CD4+ and CD8+ T cells, B cells, NK cells, and non-classical monocyte percentage decreased in CSF.

Utilizing T-cell receptor (TCR) transgenic mouse-derived CD8+ T cells that express a TCR specific for a tumor-derived neoantigen, we showed that polyfunctional tumor-specific CTLs generated in the presence of CD4+ T cells showed long persistence in vivo and induced enhanced tumor regression when adoptively transferred into mice with progressing tumor.

The counter-ligand of VCAM-1-α4β1 integrin, also known as very late antigen-4 (VLA-4)-was more abundant on circulating CD4+ T cells and was also expressed by a significant proportion of blood CD8+ T cells and neutrophils in AD mice.

In this study, we demonstrate that suboptimal stimulation of human PBMCs with a low concentration (1 ng/ml) of staphylococcal enterotoxin C1, at which half-maximal T cell proliferation was observed, induced CD8+CD25+ T cells expressing markers related to regulatory T cells (Tregs), such as IFN-γ, IL-10, TGF-β, FOXP3, CD28, CTLA4, TNFR2, CD45RO, and HLA-DR.

A higher percentage of myeloid-derived CD45+DDR2+ cells expressed the activation markers MHC II and CD80 in both VAT and MGAT of preobese mice.

Both elicited HLA-DR, CD40, CD86 and CXCR4 upregulation, and CCR5 downregulation, but only CD40 ligand-stimulated DCs became CD83(+) \ CCR7(+), whereas poly I:C-stimulated DCs expressed lower CD83 levels and were mostly CCR7(--).

These cells were identified by coexpression of CD4 and CD123, but not CD11c, and also expressed CD83, indicating maturity of the cells.

T follicular helper cells (TFH) are prime targets of HIV infection-this creates a sanctuary for infected cells because CD8+ T cells generally do not enter lymph node follicles unless they express CXCR5, and are not as effective at killing infected CD4+ T cells as peripheral CD8+ T cells.

Approximately 3 % of peripheral CD8(+) T cells dimly express CD4 on their surface.

Functional and phenotypic characterization of virus-specific CD8 T cells against cytomegalovirus, Epstein-Barr virus, influenza (flu), and HIV-1 were performed on the basis of the ability of CD8 T cells to secrete IFN-gamma and IL-2, to proliferate, and to express CD45RA and CCR7.

Surprisingly, we found a naturally occurring, low-affinity MHC class I-restricted TCR specific for an NY-ESO-1 epitope that was unable to redirect a functional CD4 T-effector cell response could confer potent antigen-specific suppressive activity when expressed in Tregs and severely impair the expansion of highly functional HIV-1(GAG)-specific CD8 T cells expressing a high-affinity TCR.

A large proportion of Runx3 KO peripheral CD8 T cells also expressed CD4, and in contrast to wild-type, their proliferation ability was largely reduced.

In the latter subset of patients, by immunohistochemistry in lymph node lesions, we found that CD8(+) T lymphocytes intermingling with the neoplastic tissue expressed a CCR7(-) CD45RO(+)/RA(-) phenotype, whereas CD4(+) lymphocytes did not infiltrate the tumor.

CD4(+) PHA blasts express MHC class I and II, and also CD80 and CD86 and are thus expected to serve as potent antigen presenting cells.

PD-1 or TIM3-expressing CD4 + T cells and T cell immunoreceptor with immunoglobulin and ITIM domains (TIGIT)-expressing CD8 + T cells in PBMCs before vaccination were negative predictive factors for survival.

This self-assembling protein nanoparticle contains five CD8+ HLA-A03-11 supertypes-restricted epitopes from antigens expressed during Toxoplasma gondii\s lifecycle, the universal CD4+ T cell epitope PADRE, and flagellin as a scaffold and TLR5 agonist.

The presence of both CD4+ T cells and antigen presenting cells (APCs) expressing high levels of HLA-B27, seems of critical importance in its pathogenesis, whereas CD8+ T cells are dispensable.

By using a novel technique to isolate primary CD4(+) T cells expressing autologous viral gene products, it was found that 1 to 13 % of CD8(+) T cells were able to respond to these cells by gamma interferon production.

CD4+ and CD8+ T cells that express CXCR3 and CCR5 and CD8+ T cells that express CDR3 and CCR4 were also enriched after treatment, indicating heightened trafficking potential in activated T cells.

Surprisingly, only purified CD8+ primary T-cells expressed PDE4B, but not CD4+ cells.

Furthermore, CXCR5+ CD8 T cells expressed CCR5 but no CCR7, suggesting a migration pattern distinct from that of follicular CD4 T cells.

Before therapy, MG patients showed reduced frequency of CD4+ T cells expressing T-helper1 (Th1) type chemokine receptor CXCR3, with a significantly lower frequency in the thymoma group than in the thymic hyperplasia group, while the frequencies of CXCR3-positive CD8+ T cells remained normal irrespective of the thymic pathology.

We found a majority of FluA-specific CD8+ T cells expressed CD27 and CD28, and variably expressed CD45RA, CD62L, CD94 and granzyme A.

Multi-color flow cytometric analysis on human CD8(+) T cell subsets revealed that CXCR4 is predominantly expressed on CD8(+) T cells with the naive CD27(+) CD28(+) CD45RA(+) phenotype, and is down-regulated during differentiation into those with an effector phenotype.

The number of CD4 T cells and CD14 monocytes expressing CCR3 (p = 0.013, p = 0.009, respectively) and CD8 T cells expressing CCR5 (p = 0.04) as well as PHA stimulated secretion of IL4 and IFNgamma (p&lt.

Remarkably, the majority of resting and activated macaque NKT cells expressed CD8, and a smaller portion expressed CD4.

Aggregate results in primary cells from up to 4 different blood or skin donors showed that viruses with envelopes from the transmitting partner as compared to recipient envelopes replicated more efficiently in CD4+ T cells, monocyte derived dendritic cell (MDDC)-CD4+ T cell co-cultures, Langerhans cells (LCs)-CD4+ T cell co-cultures and CD4+ T cells expressing high levels of the gut homing receptor, α4β7, and demonstrated greater binding to α4β7 high/CD8+ T cells.

Interestingly, few PD-1(+) CD8(+) T cells expressed CCR7 compared to PD-1(+) CD4 T cells and PD-1(-) T cells.

Consistent with a T(EM) phenotype, CD45RO(high) CD57(+) CD8(high) T cells express higher levels of granzyme A, granzyme B, perforin, CCR5 and α4β7, and lower levels of CCR7 and CD28 than other CD8(high) T cells.

In the brains of JEV-infected mice, infiltrating CD8+ T cells expressed CCR2 and CCR5 and were found to comprise mainly effector T cells (CD44+CD62L-).

These findings show that activated CD4(+) T cells expressing NKG2DLs can efficiently prevent NKG2D-mediated CD8(+) T-cell functions, and suggest that the NKG2D/NKG2DL interaction can regulate immune responses.

The majority of CD8 T-cells from subjects with latent infection expressed a terminally-differentiated phenotype (CD45RA+CCR7(-)).

B7 EBV-encoded nuclear Ag (EBNA)-3 A-specific CD8(+) T cells expressed only CD45RO from acute through latent EBV infection.

A2 BMLF-1-specific CD8(+) T cells expressed CD45RO during acute infection and either CD45RA or CD45RO during latent EBV infection.

In individuals with latent EBV infection, the frequencies of A2 BMLF-1- or B7 EBNA-3A-specific CD8(+) T cells that expressed CD45RA, CD45RO, CD62 ligand, CCR7, and perforin were stable over time.

Such CD8αα expressing T cells are an effector-memory population (CD45RA-, CCR7-, CD62L-) that express markers of activation and maturation (HLA-DR+, CD28-, CD27-, CD57+) and are functionally distinct expressing greater levels of TNF-α and IFN-γ on stimulation and perforin at rest than their CD8α+CD8β(high) counterparts.

In contrast, dual-costimulated CD4 T cells express Eomes, despite the continued expression of ThPOK and the absence of CD8α, indicating that Eomes is selectively released from ThPOK repression.

We observed that intra-melanoma DP T cells were transcriptome-wise closer to their CD8 SP T-cell counterparts in terms of number of genes differentially expressed (97 in common with CD8 SP T cells and 15 with CD4 SP T cells) but presented hallmarks of a transition to a CD4-like functional profile (CD40LG) with a decreased cytotoxic signature (KLRC1) in favour of an increased cytokine-receptor interaction signature (IL4, IL24, IL17A…).

PD-1+ CXCR5+ CD4 T cells were functional, could express IL-21, IL-10, and CXCL13 upon stimulation, demonstrated auxiliary effects toward CD8 T cell-mediated IFN-γ production and proliferation, and promoted IgM and IgG production.

Most ALCL cases express CD4, but a small subset of ALCL cases has been reported to express CD8.

CD4(+) T cells express IL-2 receptor complexes to the same level as CD8(+) T cells when the two T cell populations were stimulated simultaneously.

Type 1 myeloid (CD11c(+), CD11b(+), B220(-), CD8alpha(-)) DC made up the largest (40-45 %) population and all DC expressed low levels of CD80, CD86, and CD40, and had high endocytic activity consistent with an immature phenotype.

Besides CD4+ T cells, a small portion of CXCR5 expressing CD8+ T cells, regarded as follicular cytotoxic T cells (Tfc), could migrate into B cell follicles during chronic viral infection and several types of cancers, and this population exhibit lower level of exhaustion than its CXCR5- counterparts.

Notably, we did observe enhanced proportions of CD4 T cells expressing HLA-DR, PD-1 (at 2 weeks after onset of treatment) and ICOS (6 weeks) and a CD8 T cell population expressing LAG3 (2 weeks).

We also demonstrate that VC CD8+ T cells inhibit virus replication in both a class I- and class II-dependent manner, and that in two VC patients the class II-restricted CD8+ T cells with an anti-viral gene signature expressed both CD4+ and CD8+ T cell lineage-specific genes.

HIV-specific CD4+ and CD8+ T cells expressing cytokines waned in peripheral blood lymphocytes by day 84, but CD8+ T cell responses to F4 peptides could still be detected in lymphoid tissues more than 3 months after vaccination.

To determine whether CD8 independent tumor cell recognition is a property of the TCR, we used retroviral transduction to express the TIL 1383 I TCR in the CD8(-) murine lymphoma, 58 alpha(-)/beta(-).

1) complexes comprising residues 81-88 of the human homolog of the murine double-minute 2 oncoprotein, MDM2(81-88), we found that the heterodimeric CD8 alpha beta coreceptor, but not normally expressed homodimeric CD8 alpha alpha, is required for tetramer binding and functional redirection of TCR- transduced human T cells.

However, a significantly higher proportion of VLE-specific CD8 T cells expressed perforin compared to NLV-specific CD8 T cells in HIV patients.

The cytotoxic function of p113-121/HLA-A,0201-specific CD8(+) T cells extended into direct killing of splenocytes infected with live Mycobacterium smegmatis expressing ML1419c: both 9 mer and 30 mer induced CD8(+) T cells that reduced the number of ML1419c-expressing mycobacteria by 95 %, whereas no reduction occurred using wild-type M.

The overall breadth and magnitude of HIV-1-specific CD8(+) T cell responses were lower in persons expressing B,5802, and epitope presentation by B,5802 contributed significantly less to the overall response as compared to B,5801-restricted CD8 (+) T cells.

In this study, we transduced L1210 leukemia cells with a lentiviral vector encoding two B7 costimulatory molecules (CD80, CD86) and obtained LEXs that highly expressed CD80 and CD86.

Moreover, the percentage of activated CD8 T cells expressing HLA-DR (CD8HLA-DR) increased during COVID-19 and subsided after its clearance.

We show that CD8+ T cells express all 19 Wnts and CD8+ T cell-conditioned medium (CM) induced canonical Wnt signaling in infected recipient cells while simultaneously inhibiting HIV transcription.

The expression and function of CCR6 on human CD8+ T cells have not well been analyzed, although it is known that this receptor is expressed on a subset of human CD8+ T cells.

As CXCR3high memory CD8+ T cells do not express CCR5, high expression of CXCR3 on these memory CD8+ T cells might play an important role in the migration of these cells to inflammatory sites and in their differentiation.

Epstein Barr virus-specific CD8(+) T cells, which mostly express the memory phenotype expressed CXCR4, while human cytomegalovirus-specific CD8(+) T cells, which mostly express the effector phenotype, partially expressed this receptor, showing that the expression of CXCR4 is also down-regulated during differentiation of viral antigen-specific CD8(+) T cells.

In contrast, percentages of CD3+/CD8+ memory lymphocytes expressing CX3CR1 were significantly less than percentages of naive CD3+/CD8+ lymphocytes in RA PB, suggesting that this receptor may be down-regulated upon lymphocyte activation.

Both HIV- and CMV-specific CD8(+) T cells in GALT expressed CCR5, but only HIV-specific CD8(+) T cells expressed alpha E beta 7 integrin, suggesting that mucosal priming may account for their retention in GALT.

Freshly isolated CD8alpha+CD11c-Lin- cells expressed CC chemokine receptor (CCR) 2, CCR5, and CCR7 messenger RNA, whereas CD8alpha+ DCs derived from CD8alpha+CD11c-Lin- cells further obtained the expression of CCR6 and macrophage-derived chemokine.

Preferential residence of WT1-specific CD8(+) T cells in BM could be, at least in part, explained by higher expression of chemokine receptor CCR5, whose ligand was expressed on BM fibroblasts on the WT1-specific CD8(+) T cells in BM, compared to those in PB.

CCR4(+) CD8(+) T cells expressed neither perforin (Per) nor granzymes (Gra) A/B, suggesting that they were more immature memory T cells than the CCR6(+) CD8(+) early effector memory T cells that express GraA and Per.

We characterized CD8 T cells derived from organ donors and patients with end-stage HCV infection to show that: 1) all liver-infiltrating CD8 T cells express high levels of CD11a, indicating the effective absence of naive CD8 T cells in the liver.

Concomitant with the appearance of the variant viruses, designated 627 (W135) and 628 (W135,) we observed an expansion of CD8(+)-lymphocyte subpopulations expressing reduced CD8 beta-chain, a phenotype consistent with activation.

Here we show that the frequency of CD8+ T cells expressing the inhibitory killer cell lectin-like receptor G1 (KLRG1), a marker of cells unable to undergo further clonal expansion, was markedly elevated in CD8+ T cells from old donors.

However, we also report that HLA-B(∗) 7/TPR specific CD8(+) T cells express higher levels of PD-1 than HLA-A(∗) 2/NLV specific cells and HLA-A(∗) 2 individuals show a higher proliferative response to PD-L blockade, than HLA-B(∗) 7 individuals, which we postulate may be due to the differing functional avidities for these two CMV-specific CD8(+) T cells populations.

In contrast, within weeks following active SIV infection, SIV-specific CD8(+) effector T-cells expressed fewer cytokines/degranulation markers and had a lower avidity compared to influenza specific CD8(+) T-cells.

In parallel, Melan-A-specific CD8+ T cells and clones from low peptide dose-vaccinated patients expressed lower CD8 levels, despite similar or even stronger binding to tetramers.

Interestingly, the percentage of HTLV-1 Tax301-309/HLA-A,2402 tetramer(+) CD8(+) cells expressing PD-1 in ACs was significantly higher than the percentage of HTLV-1 Tax11-19/HLA-A,0201 tetramer(+) CD8(+) cells expressing PD-1.

The results also showed that most CMV pp65-specific CD8 T cells in elderly individuals were CD27/CD28 negative and expressed CD85j and CD244.

HDV-specific CD8+ T cells did not express the terminal differentiation marker CD57, and fewer HDV-specific than Epstein-Barr virus-specific CD8+ T cells were 2 B4+CD160+PD1+, a characteristic of exhausted cells.

Besides, in order to facilitate a functional study of TCR, we established an artificial T cell line, designated as CD8I-J2, which expresses a human CD8 and IFN-γ producing cassette by modifying Jurkat-derived J.

Immunity-associated genes including those related to effector memory CD8 T cells were dominantly expressed in tumors with low neoAg frequencies in stage I-II patients, suggesting CD8 T cell-mediated elimination of immunogenic sub-clones expressing neoantigens (immunoediting) had occurred.

Because CD8(+) T cells restrict HIV replication, depend upon HLA class I antigen presentation and can also express KIR molecules, we investigated how these HLA/KIR combinations relate to the phenotype and function of CD8(+) T cells from uninfected controls and individuals with chronic HIV infection.

Despite the low affinity of B,4801 for CD8 alpha, alloreactive T-cells that recognize B,4801 molecules expressed by the 221 transfectant are inhibited by anti-CD8 monoclonal antibodies.

In healthy controls CD8αα is most highly expressed by CD161 " bright" (CD161++) mucosal associated invariant T (MAIT) cells, with CD8αα expression highly restricted to the TCR Vα7.

Overall we have clearly defined CD8αα expressing human T cell subsets using the TL-tetramer, and have demonstrated CD161-CD8α+CD8β(low) populations, highly expanded in disease settings, to co-express CD8αβ and CD8αα.

While CD8αβ heterodimer is expressed exclusively on CD8+ T cells, the CD8αα homodimer is present in subsets of T cells and human natural killer (NK) cells.

Effector memory CD8+ T cells generally expressed TOX, whereas naive and early-differentiated memory CD8+ T cells generally expressed TCF-1.

Further transcriptomic analyses demonstrated that CD69+CD26++ CD8+MAIT cells highly expressed numerous genes for mediating anti-mycobacterial immune responses, including pro-inflammatory cytokines, cytolytic molecules, NK cell receptors, and transcription factors, in contrast to inactivated counterparts CD69+/-CD26+/- CD8+MAIT cells.

Unlike wild-type IL-18, DR-18 exerted potent anti-tumour effects in mouse tumour models by promoting the development of poly-functional effector CD8+ T cells, decreasing the prevalence of exhausted CD8+ T cells that express the transcriptional regulator of exhaustion TOX, and expanding the pool of stem-like TCF1+ precursor CD8+ T cells.

Consistent with the TRM cell phenotype, CD8+ TILs minimally expressed CX3CR1 but expressed CXCR3 at higher levels than circulating CD8+ T cells.

In vitro, proliferating CD8 T cells express PD-L1 suggesting that anti-PD-L1 treatment also targets virus-specific CD8 T cells.

This combination regimen also increased the infiltration of CD8+ T-cells that expressed both PD1 and CD137, and these T-cells were shown to express high levels of interferon-gamma, a marker of cytotoxic effector CD8+ T-cells.

During routine passage, less than 5 % of cells were CD8a+, although 20-40 % of cells expressed CD8a when treated with IL-2 + TGF-beta, whereas TPA + Calcium ionophore, IFN-gamma, and TNF-alpha cause no significant changes in the proportion of CD8+ cells.

Interestingly, stage-specific DNA demethylation was impaired in Cd8a reporter alleles that failed to express hCD2 in CD8+ T cells, and intron sequences lacking RNA splicing signals still restored hCD2 expression.

Isolated CD8(+) CD127(+) T cells from untreated HIV(+) individuals expressed significantly less P-STAT5 in response to IL-7 compared with CD8(+) CD127(+) T cells from HIV(-) individuals.

Remarkably, the Stat5 transgene potently induced development of CD8+ T cells, even in mice expressing a class II-restricted TCR transgene, with resulting CD8+ T cell lymphomas.

62, as well as CD86 and CD80 expressed higher levels of MHCII, CD86 and CD80 surface molecules.

A much higher proportion of liver CD8(+) cells expressed receptors specific for HCV antigens compared with paired peripheral blood CD8(+) cells.

An increased proportion of myelin-specific CD8+ T cells in MS patients exhibited a memory phenotype and expressed CD20 compared to control subjects, while there were no phenotypic differences observed among influenza-specific CD8+ T cells.

CT-treated BMDCs showed reduced expression of MHC class II and CD86, similar to CD11bhi DCs in medLN, and these BMDCs promoted Th17 cell differentiation more potently than other BMDCs expressing higher levels of MHC class II and CD86.

When reconstituting young CBA Rag-1 mice that lack mature T and B cells with old CD8+ T cells expressing clonal anti-H2K T cell receptor (TCR) alloreactive for MHC I, graft survival was significantly prolonged and comparable to those receiving young CD8+ T cells.

CD8 T cells expressing such receptors specifically killed diabetogenic CD8 T cells, blocked T-cell-induced diabetes in immunodeficient NOD.

iTreg-treated DCs expressed high levels of MARCH1, an E3 ubiquitin ligase, recently found to degrade CD86 and MHC class II on the DCs and expressed lower levels of CD83, a molecule involved in neutralizing the function of MARCH1.

Isolated hepatic CD8+ T cells from these mice expressed a cytotoxic IL-10-expressing phenotype, and depletion of CD8+ T cells led to significant reductions in hepatic inflammation, HSC activation, and macrophage accumulation.

Gene expression profiles indicated that PD-1+ CD8+ T cells expressed higher levels of the tumour-trophic gene Opn and lower levels of the cytotoxic genes Ifng and Gzmb than did PD-1- CD8+ T cells.

Using deep T cell antigen receptor (TCR) sequencing, we found that the TCRs expressed by CD8-MP cells are highly recurrent and distinct from the TCRs expressed by naive-phenotype CD8+ T cells.

In the present study, we observed that a fraction of murine effector CD8+ T cells expressed c-Met receptor (c-Met+CD8+) in an experimental autoimmune encephalitis (EAE) model.

In cattle, CD8 is expressed on a subset of CD2+/WC1- γδ T cells that are present in low frequency in blood of young and old animals, whereas, CD8-/CD2-/WC1+ γδ T cells are present in high frequency in young animals, decreasing with age.

Primary NOD CD8 T\240\cells expressing either InsB15-23/β2m/CD3-ζ or islet-specific glucose-6-phosphatase\240\catalytic subunit-related protein, amino acids 206-214 (IGRP206-214)/β2m/CD3-ζ killed their respective autoreactive CD8 T\240\cell targets in\240\vitro.

Transfer of cultured Chlamydia-specific CD8(+) T cells or vaccination with recombinant virus expressing an MHC I-restricted Chlamydia Ag confers protection, yet surprisingly a protective CD8(+) T cell response is not stimulated following natural infection.

We utilized two models of CD8+ T cell mediated immunity: a mouse model of Listeria monocytogenes (LM) infection in which CD8+ T cells specific for LM expressed antigens (Listeriolysin O, LLO) can be tracked, and a murine skin graft model in which CD8+ T cells mediate rejection across a MHC class I (D(d)) disparity.

During the interaction with CD8+ T-cells, AA MCs prominently expressed MHC class I and OX40L, and sometimes 4-1 BBL or ICAM-1, suggesting that MC may present autoantigens to CD8+ T-cells and/or co-stimulatory signals.

To determine the clinical features of myositis patients with the histopathologic finding of CD8-positive T cells invading non-necrotic muscle fibers expressing major histocompatibility complex class 1 (CD8-MHC-1 complex), which is shared by polymyositis (PM) and inclusion body myositis (IBM), in relation to the p62 immunostaining pattern of muscle fibers.

Here, by evaluating CD8 T cell responses in CB6F1 hybrid mice, in which multiple epitopes are recognized, we found that a numerically subdominant CD8 T cell response against DbM187 epitope of the virus matrix protein expressed high avidity TCR and enhanced signaling pathways associated with CD8 T cell effector functions.

Using both ELISpot methodology and intracellular cytokine staining for interferon (IFN)-gamma to assess functional status, together with fluorochrome-labeled peptide-major histocompatibility complex (pMHC) class I tetramer analysis to detect the physical presence of CD8+ T lymphocytes expressing cognate T-cell receptors (TCRs), we observed that the proportion of HIV-specific CD8+ T lymphocytes capable of mounting an effector response to antigen challenge directly ex vivo is related to the kinetics of virus exposure.

The great majority of these influenza-specific CD8(+) IFN-gamma(+) T cells neither stained with the cognate tetramer nor expressed the TCR Vbeta bias that is characteristic of the CD8(+) set expanded in vivo during an infection.

In this study, we show that naive CD8(+) T cells in subjects with progressive HIV disease express low levels of CD8α and CD8β chains.

We analyzed here human CD8(+) T cells that express the Ig-like MHC class I-specific inhibitory receptors: killer cell Ig-like receptor (KIR) and CD85j.

In DN cells, the CD4 enhancer is preloaded with multiple transcription activators, but p300 recruitment is impaired by the silencer that is associated with the repressor Runx1.

Our data shed light on the molecular basis of CD4 regulation and provide a conceptual framework for understanding how the same regulatory elements can mediate both reversible and irreversible CD4 regulation.

We demonstrate that, although Zbtb7b does not enhance CD4 expression on its own, it antagonizes the CD4 repression mediated by the transcription factor Runx3, which is normally up-regulated during CD8 differentiation and promotes CD4 silencing.

Shock and kill strategies involving the use of small molecules to induce viral transcription in resting CD4+ T cells (shock) followed by immune mediated clearance of the reactivated cells (kill), have been proposed as a method of eliminating latently infected CD4+ T cells.

We conclude that injection of CD4+ T cells into PN skin triggers a series of local immunologically mediated stimulatory events that produce further T cell activation and appearance of both CD4 and CD8+ T cells that express NKRs.

Depletion of CD4+T cells resulted in an almost complete abrogation of the antitumor effect of the vaccination, suggesting that the antitumor efficacy was mediated by CD4+ T cells.

Untoward effector CD4+ T cell responses are kept in check by immune regulatory mechanisms mediated by CD4+ and CD8+ T cells.

Overall, our data indicated that IL-21, an effector cytokine produced by CD4(+) T cells, might mediate the cross-talk between CD4(+) and CD8(+) T cells through the production of IL-22.

By culturing purified human peripheral CD4+ T cells or Jurkat cells with spent media of theaflavin- or celecoxib-pre-treated MCF-7 cells, we show that tumor-shed PGE2 severely impairs interleukin 2 receptor gammac (IL2Rgammac)-mediated survival signaling in CD4+ T cells.

Myelin-specific interleukin (IL)-17-producing T helper type 17 (Th17) cells are a major subset of CD4 T effector cells (Teff) that play a critical role in mediating the development and progression of MS and its mouse model, experimental autoimmune encephalomyelitis (EAE), while regulatory T cells (Treg) CD4 T cells are beneficial for suppressing disease.

Cognate CD4(+) T-cell help mediated by CD40L along with DC stimulation with another T-cell effector molecule, termed lymphocyte activated gene-3 (LAG-3 or CD223, a ligand for MHC class II) have been shown to induce this maturation process.

We show that intratumor myeloid cells produce the chemokine CCL5 in response to CD40 agonist and that CCL5 mediates an influx of CD4+ T cells into the tumor microenvironment.

In contrast, downmodulation of cell surface CD4 and SERINC5 antagonism were mediated by a specific motif encompassing residues 32 to 39 that was also essential for efficient HIV replication in primary CD4 T lymphocytes.

CD4+ T cells that mediated a Th2 response (humoral response) were predominant in microencapsulated beta-TC-6 cells and cells only group as evidenced by elevated levels of CD45R.

Thus, these findings suggested that EM suppressed the CSE-exposed DC-mediated polarization of CD4+ T cells into Th17 cells and that this effect may be mediated through inhibition of the CD40/CD40L pathway.

Adoptive transfer studies revealed that CD4+ T cells from IL-10 -/- mice exhibited more potent suppression of cytotoxic T lymphocyte (CTL)-mediated tumor rejection than their WT counterparts, and IL-10-deficient tumor-infiltrating CD4+ T cells expressed higher levels of PD-L1 and CTLA-4 inhibitory molecules.

Furthermore, high Fas ligand expression on engrafted donor CD4(+), but not CD8(+) T cells, and high level MHC-II but not MHC-I expression on SECs, suggested that SECs apoptosis was mediated by CD4(+) donor T cells through the Fas/FasL pathway.

Results: In coculture with allogeneic CD4+ T cells, SPEA-monocytes mediate apoptosis of CD4+Foxp3- lymphocytes and accumulation of CD4+Foxp3+ Tregs.

A major genetic determinant of this species-specific restriction is a non-synonymous mutation in macaque CD4 that results in reduced HIV-1 Envelope (Env)-mediated viral entry compared to human CD4.

Access and migration of naive and memory CD4+ T cells to these sites is mediated by interactions between integrin α4β7, expressed on CD4+ T cells, and MAdCAM, expressed on high endothelial venules.

Interestingly, two classes of non-neutralizing CD4-induced (CD4i) antibodies, present in the majority of HIV-1-infected individuals have been described to mediate antibody-dependent cellular cytotoxicity (ADCC) in the presence of small CD4 mimetic compounds (CD4mc).

These proteins also inhibited virion attachment to CD4- lymphoid organ fibroblastic reticular cells that mediate transinfection of CD4+ T cells.

AT-2 inactivated virions bound to CD4(+) target cells and mediated virus-induced, CD4-dependent " fusion from without" comparably to native virions.

The CD4-dependent Th response to HLA alloantigens (Allo) can be mediated by two distinct Th pathways: self-restricted CD4+ Th that recognize allogeneic determinants processed and presented by autologous or self accessory or antigen-presenting cells (sAC).

It potently blocks HIV-1 infection and targets an epitope in the second domain of CD4 without interfering with immune functions mediated by interaction of CD4 with major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class II molecules.

Here we report that Runx3 and Runx1 are highly expressed in thymic medulla and cortex, respectively, and function in development of CD8 T cells during thymopoiesis.

The proliferation of CD8 T cells is inhibited by mAbs reactive with CD8 or HLA-A and-B molecules but not with CD4 or HLA-DR.

H6F treatment significantly reduced the T1D incidence, which was accompanied by diminished autoreactive CD8+ T cell responses to mInsB15-14 inhibited infiltration of CD8+ and CD4+ T cells in the pancreas and reduced pro-inflammatory cytokine production in pancreatic and splenic T cells in NOD.

MM-derived exosomes promote apoptosis and inhibit proliferation of HD-CD4+ T inhibit apoptosis and promote proliferation, but inhibit perforin of HD-CD8+ T, inhibit apoptosis and promote proliferation HD-Treg, and inhibit perforin of MM-CD8+ T and TGF-β secretion of MM-Treg.

MM-derived exosomes promote apoptosis and inhibit proliferation of HD-CD4+ T, inhibit apoptosis and promote proliferation, but inhibit perforin of HD-CD8+ T, inhibit apoptosis and promote proliferation HD-Treg, and inhibit perforin of MM-CD8+ T and TGF-β secretion of MM-Treg.

MM-derived exosomes promote apoptosis and inhibit proliferation of HD-CD4+ T, inhibit apoptosis and promote proliferation, but inhibit perforin of HD-CD8+ T inhibit apoptosis and promote proliferation HD-Treg, and inhibit perforin of MM-CD8+ T and TGF-β secretion of MM-Treg.

Moreover, there is a hierarchy of responses, with CD8 T cells and NK cells inhibited more effectively than CD4 T cells.

Using T subsets, the level of CD3-zeta on CD8+ cells was inhibited 1.43-fold more than in CD4+ cells.

Coculture of CTCL cells with normal T lymphocytes consisting of both CD4(+) and CD8(+) populations or the CD4(+) subset alone, transfected with CD152 mRNA inhibits proliferation of normal T cells in a CD152- and CD80-dependent manner.

Taken together, our results illustrate a novel immune escape mechanism that can be activated by aberrant expression of MHC class II molecules, which by attracting tumor-specific CD4(+) T cells elicit a local inflammatory response dominated by TNF that, in turn inhibits cytotoxic CD8(+) T-cell responses The class II transactivator (CIITA) is known as the master regulator for the major histocompatibility class II (MHC II) molecules.

Importantly, cytokines secreted by CD4+ T cells inhibit JHMV replication in NPCs, and CD8+ T cells specifically target viral peptide-pulsed NPCs for lysis.

In contrast, stimulation of CD28, the CD80 counter-receptor, with a cross-linked B7-Ig fusion protein or with an anti-CD28 mAb inhibited the generation of CD4+ CTLs.

In addition, we show that the patients\ circulating T lymphocytes of both the CD4(+) and CD8(+) subsets contain a markedly reduced antigen-primed population, as determined by CD45RO expression.

Compared to wild-type (WT) CD4+ T cells, the expression of IL-4 mRNA was reduced in NLRP3-/- CD4+ T cells, however, the expression of IFN-γ mRNA was comparable between the two groups.

Tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-α upregulated expression of IRF5 in CD4+ T cells, but anti-TNF treatment with infliximab could markedly reduce IRF5 expression in CD4+ T cells and intestinal mucosa of CD patients.

PD-1high MP CD4 T cells have recently been implicated in rheumatoid arthritis pathogenesis, and we have now found that Egr2 expression is reduced in PD-1high MP CD4 T cells from patients with active rheumatoid arthritis compared with healthy controls.

We have demonstrated that IL-2-induced high SOCS-3 expression in naive CD4(+) T cells could reduce the incidence of aGVHD between major histocompatibility complex (MHC) completely mismatched donor and host when high SOCS3 expression of CD4(+) T cells encounter allogeneic antigen in time.

La amastigote-infected DCs were less mature and less potent antigen-presenting cells (APC) than their promastigote-infected counterparts, as judged by the lower expression of CD40 and CD83, suppressed cytokine expression (IL-12p40 and IL-10)  reduced effectiveness for priming CD4+ T cells from naïve or infected mice.

Because tyrosine kinase 2 plays a role in differentiation of Th cells, we quantified cytokine secretion from CD4+ cells and in vitro generated CD4+ Th cell subsets from splenocytes of Fancc null mice to that of heterozygous mice and discovered reduced CD4+ IFN-gamma secretion in the Fancc-/- mouse, indicating impaired Th1 differentiation.

Activated naive CD4 T cells from older individuals have reduced responses to type I IFN, a defect that develops during activation and that is not observed in quiescent naive CD4 T cells.

Using murine CD4+ T cells, we then examined the roles of a newly identified molecule whose expression was significantly reduced in CD4+ T cells by TCZ therapy.

Our results showed increased expression of CCR7 and CD45RA and reduced CD45RO on CD8(+) cells among recent-onset T1D patients.

Finally, when HSV-1-primed CD4(+) T cells were adoptively transferred into wild type and MCP-1-deficient mice that had been sublethally irradiated to minimize chemokine production from immune cells, infiltration of CD4(+) T cells was markedly reduced in the MCP-1-deficient mice, suggesting that it is the MCP-1 from HSV-1-infected keratocytes that attracts CD4(+) T cells into the cornea.

IL-15 increased Ki-67+CD4+ T cells at week 1 of treatment and reduced blood CCR5+ and CD45RA-CD62L- CD4+ T cells.

Specific CD4 cell immunity, characterized by a broadly directed memory Gag-p24 CD4 cell response and reduced susceptibility of specific CD4 cells to R5 HIV-1 infection, is a likely correlate of non-transmission.

6-Gingerol treatment of tumor-bearing mice caused massive infiltration of CD4 and CD8 T-cells and B220(+) B-cells, but reduced the number of CD4(+) Foxp3(+) regulatory T-cells.

More interestingly, CCR5-ablation resulted in a skewed response to IL-17(+) CD4(+) Th17 cells and correspondingly reduced CD4(+) Foxp3(+) Tregs in the spleen and brain, which was closely associated with exacerbated JE.

Culturing TCR-β-expressing CD4(-) CD8(-) double-negative thymocytes in an in vitro model of T-cell development revealed that IL-7 reduced the frequency of CD4(+) CD8(+) double-positive thymocytes at the time of harvest.

In preliminary results from one of two cohorts of humanized mice infected with HIV-1 for 6 \240\weeks, CD47 blockade reduces plasma p24 levels and restores CD4+ T\240\cell counts.

Rejection in the control mice was associated with demonstrable infiltrates of human CD45 white blood cells, predominantly of CD8 T-cells, whereas anti-CD4, but not anti-CD8 antibody treated mice showed remarkably reduced lymphocyte infiltration and prolonged allograft survival, indicating that the CD4+ T-cells were crucial to the rejection process.

The results showed that PD-1 expression was enhanced on CD4+ and CD8+ T cells, but not on CD21+ B cells after cytopathic (CP) BVDV (strain NADL) and non-cytopathic (NCP) BVDV (strain KD) infection in vitro and PD-1 blockade significantly reduced the apoptosis of CD4+ and CD8+ T cells after these two strains infection.

cruzi antigen exposure reduced mitogen-induced proliferation of CD4+ and CD8+ T cells in PBMC cultures, but only reduced mitogen-induced proliferation in the CD4+ T cells from sorted cell cultures cocultured with antigen-pulsed CD3- cells.

Diminution of the Th1 response in infected WSX-1(-/-) mice in vivo by neutralization of IL-12p40 attenuated CCR5 expression by infection-derived CD4(+) T cells and also reduced splenic CD4(+) T cell chemotaxis toward CCL4 and CCL5.

In female mice, murine-specific Cd4-siRNA nanoparticles instilled within the uterus significantly reduced murine Cd4 transcripts by day 3.

Finally, GPI-scFv X5-transduced CD4 T cells, after being cotransfused with HIV-infected cells, showed significantly reduced viral loads and viral RNA copy numbers relative to CD4 cells in hu-PBL mice compared to mice with GPI-scFv AB65-transduced CD4 T cells.

Moreover, CD40KO-DCs had significantly reduced capacity to stimulate proliferation of CD4+ T cells.

In vitro experiments showed that A213 suppressed CD25 expression on CD4+ T cells and reduced IL-2 production from CD4+ T cells derived from RORγt-Tg mice.

CD40 agonist antibodies may be potent adjuvant agents that can be used in patients with reduced CD4 or CD40L expression.

Furthermore, luteolin increased the percentage of CD4+Foxp3+ Tregs while reducing frequency of mature dendritic cells and CD44highCD62Llow effector CD4+/CD8+ T cells posttransplantation.

Dual immune checkpoint blockade and sole CTLA-4 inhibition significantly increased intratumoral CD8+ and CD4+ T cells and reduced FOXP3+/CD4+ Treg cells.

Deletion of Kdm6a in CD4+ T cells ameliorated clinical disease and reduced neuropathology in the classic CD4+ T cell-mediated autoimmune disease experimental autoimmune encephalomyelitis (EAE).

Increased numbers of CD4+CD69+ T cells and reduced numbers of CD4+CD25+FoxP3+ Treg cells with an altered interleukin profile suggests loss of autotolerance in pristane-induced lupus mice, which is similar to human lupus.

Despite the fact that the frequency of CD4 T cells was reduced in septic mice, septic mesenteric lymph node (MLN) DCs proved superior to septic spleen (SP) DCs in expanding allogeneic CD4 T cells.

Compared with the control group, the proportion of CD4(+) CD69(+) T cells was significantly reduced 5, 8 and 12 dpi, but the proportion of CD4(+) CD25(+) Foxp3(+) Tregs was significantly increased in the B-4w-Pc group on 5 and 8 dpi.

When fed a high fat diet, Cd40-deficient mice had reduced accumulation of conventional CD4(+) T cells (Tconv: CD3(+) CD4(+) Foxp3(-)) in visceral fat compared with wild-type mice.

In addition, CD4 T cell epitope vaccination of immunocompetent mice reduced MCMV replication in the same organs where CD4 cytotoxic T lymphocyte (CTL) activity was observed.

These results provide evidence that Nef promotes HIV-1 infection by reducing the expression of CD4 in exosomes from infected cells, besides the original role of Nef in reducing the CD4 levels at the cell surface.

In addition, pMSC co-culture with iDCs and mDCs resulted in both phenotypic and functional changes as shown by reduced expression of costimulatory molecules (CD40, CD80, CD83 and CD86) and reduced capacity to stimulate CD4(+) T cell proliferation.

CD4+ T-cell responses during chronic HBV infection was characterized by reduced Tetramer+CD4+ T-cell frequencies, effector memory phenotype, sustained PD-1 but low levels of CTLA-4, TIM-3, KLRG1 and CD244 expression.

The reduced impact of age on influenza-specific CD4 T cells was consistent with a reduced effect of age on the overall CD4 compared with the CD8 T cell repertoire in specific pathogen free mice.

We will discuss data from our as well as other laboratories which strongly suggest that triggering a specific and persistent anti-tumor CD4+ TH cell response stably modify not only the tumor microenvironment but also tumor-dependent extratumor microenvironments by eliminating and/or reducing the blood-derived tumor infiltrating cells that may have a pro-tumor growth function such as regulatory CD4+/CD25+ T cells and myeloid-derived-suppressor cells.

Importantly, thymic tissues of GVHD mice treated with hCB-MDSCs were less severely damaged, showing higher numbers of double (CD4 and CD8) positive T cells with reduced expansion of donor-type CD4 and CD8 T cells.

Although a deficiency in CD4+ T cells only partially reduced the transmucosal protection, depletion of CD4+ T cells from B cell-deficient mice completely abolished the protection, suggesting a synergistic role of both CD4+ T and B cells in the gastrointestinal C.

Analysis of Kif7-deficient thymus showed that Kif7-deficiency increases the early CD44+CD25+CD4-CD8- thymocyte progenitor population but reduces differentiation to CD4+CD8+ double positive (DP) cell.

We further found that depletion of CD4+ T cells from CD8+ T cell-deficient mice significantly reduced chlamydial induction of hydrosalpinx, indicating that CD4+ T cells became pathogenic in mice genetically deficient in CD8+ T cells.

Since depletion of CD4+ T cells both promoted chlamydial infection and reduced chlamydial pathogenicity in CD8+ T cell-deficient mice, we propose that in the absence of CD8+ T cells, some CD4+ T cells may remain protective (as in C57BL/6J mice), while others may directly contribute to chlamydial pathogenicity.

they also had reduced levels of CD44+ CD62L- effector memory T cells reduced numbers of donor-type CD44+ T cells, and reduced expansion of donor-type CD8 T cells carrying T-cell receptor β-variable regions 7, 11, and 17.

Analysis of three-dimensional gp120 structural models revealed two CD4bs variants, D279 and N362, that were associated with reduced CD4 dependence.

Subjects with lowest CD4(+) T cell counts also had a drastically reduced DC subset pool which correlated positively with plasma viraemia and negatively with CD4(+) T cell counts.

However, they had higher blood CD4 counts and reduced depletion of CCR5+ CD4+ T cells compared to SIVmac239wt-only infected animals.

If the uninfected G+ CD4+T cells (in addition to exhibiting lower likelihood of becoming productively infected) also exhibited reduced levels of bystander apoptosis (92.5 % reduction) over non gene-modified (G-) CD4+T cells, then total CD4+T cell counts of ≥ 350 cells/ µL were observed after 10 years, even if initially only 10 % of CD34+ HSC in the bone marrow received the protective gene.

) a greater impact of gene therapy will be observed if G+ CD4+T cells exhibit reduced levels of bystander apoptosis over G- CD4+T cells.

Treatment of CD4-dependent Envs with soluble CD4 enhanced entry through CCR5 but reduced entry through GPR15, suggesting that induction of CD4-induced conformational changes by non-cell surface-associated CD4 impairs use of this alternative co-receptor.

Specific inhibitors of Akt would decrease productive infection, by favoring cell death during virus attachment to CD4+ CCR5+ target cells, and reduce immune activation to prevent Fas-dependent death of uninfected CXCR5+ PD-1+ CD4 T cells including T follicular helper cells that share this phenotype.

Pre-treatment of primary human CD4 lymphocytes from normal or p-sub-group type with PPMP, significantly reduced HIV-1 replication with no change in CD4 and CXCR4 levels.

The coreceptor usage of chimeric viruses was related to the ability of the virus to bind CD4, with reduced CD4 binding correlating with preferential usage of CXCR4.

Macrophages and T cells infected in vitro with CD4-dependent human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) isolates have reduced levels of CD4 protein, a phenomenon involved in retroviral interference.

Quantification of signal joint T-cell receptor excision circles in FACS-isolated CD31hi cells, which correspond closely to CD4 recent thymic emigrants (RTEs), indicates that young patients have reduced generation of CD4 RTEs compared to age-matched controls.

When the expression of CD4 was reduced by siRNA transfection, both CD4-dependent adhesion and MAPK activation were diminished.

Importantly, the existence of this newly described and remarkably strong CD4-dependent cell adhesion suggests that the multiple viral efforts to reduce CD4 cell surface expression may, in part, be to prevent cell adhesion to non-target cells and thereby to increase the infectivity of viral progeny.

Stripping of CD4 from the cell surface with pronase treatment prior to cell lysis only partially reduced coprecipitation of CD4 with the 62-kDa CXCR4, revealing a pool of intracellular CD4-CXCR4 complexes.

Memory CD4 β7+ cells are reduced significantly in the peripheral blood of untreated patients infected with HIV, which could be used as a noninvasive indicator of intestinal CD4 T cell loss and recovery.

Furthermore, levels of CD4 mRNA were reduced in NFI-B2-producing cells, suggesting that expression of NFI-B2 impairs CD4 transcription.

HIV infection of ToM resulted in CD4+ T cell depletion and a reduced CD4+/CD8+ T cell ratio.

We found that not only efficient Nef-mediated downmodulation of TCR-CD3 but also of MHC-I correlated with preserved CD4+ T cell counts, as well as with high numbers of Ki67+CD4+ and CD8+CD28+ T cells and reduced CD95 expression by CD4+ T cells.

albicans-pulsed DCs with CD4+ T cells in vitro showed that Tg expression in either or both of these cell populations sharply reduced the proliferation of CD4+ T cells and their production of IL-2.

In contrast, while the CD40-TRAF23 blocking peptide did not reduce CD154-induced dendritic cell maturation, the CD40-TRAF6 blocking peptide impaired this response.

In contrast, anti-CD4+ or anti-CD8+ antibody treatments partially reduced the OAD histopathology and combined anti-CD4/CD8 antibody treatment further abrogated the histopathology of the disease.

CD8+ T lymphocytes can reduce the production of human immunodeficiency virus 1 (HIV-1) by CD4+ T cells by cytotoxic and non-cytotoxic mechanisms.

IL-23-rich conditions potentiated this effect by selectively increasing b7 integrin expression on CD8 effector T-cells and reducing CD4 T-cells with a regulatory cell phenotype.

Concurrently, there was increased infiltration of tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-α) + CD8+ T\240\cells and interferon gamma (IFN-γ) + CD4+ T\240\cells and reduced CTLA-4+PD-1+CD8+ T\240\cells in the contralateral, noninjected tumor.

Treated RM9 tumor-bearing mice demonstrated an increase in CD8+ and CD4+ T-cell numbers, 100 % resistance to tumor rechallenge, and reduced resistance to reimplantation challenge with CD8+ knockdown.

During that period, normal levels of splenic CD4(+) T lymphocytes were maintained, whereas reduced CD8(+) T lymphocyte numbers and increased levels of B lymphocytes, NK cells, and MHC class II-expressing cell numbers were observed.

We found that CD4+ T cell-lymphopenic mice developed protracted viral liver infection, which seemed to be a consequence of reduced virus-specific CD8+ T-cell numbers in the liver.

they also had reduced levels of CD44+ CD62L- effector memory T cells, reduced numbers of donor-type CD44+ T cells, and reduced expansion of donor-type CD8 T cells carrying T-cell receptor β-variable regions 7, 11, and 17.

In the presence of exogenous IL-2, CD4+ cells could also provide help for the optimal generation of HIV-1 peptide-specific CD8+ CTL, because in vitro depletion of CD4+ cells prior to culture using stimulation with an MHC class I-restricted HIV-1 peptide reduced the peptide-specific CD8+ CTL response.

We conducted a phase I-II clinical trial to test the hypothesis that removal of CD4 cells from an HLA-mismatched unrelated marrow graft would substantially reduce the risk of grades III-IV graft-versus-host disease (GVHD) and that retention of a specified number of CD8 cells in the graft would be sufficient to prevent rejection.

In addition to CD8alphabeta T cells, two sizeable CD8alpha(+) beta(-) non-T cell populations were also reduced by the anti-CD8alpha treatment: 1) NK cells, and 2) a CD4(+) CD8(+) CD11b/c(+) CD161a(+) CD172a(+) monocyte population that became expanded in diseased B27 transgenic rats.

However, CPI gastritis demonstrated greater numbers of CD8+ intraepithelial lymphocytes, less lamina propria inflammation, fewer plasma cells and CD20+ B cells, fewer lymphoid aggregates, and reduced CD4:CD8 ratio in both the lamina propria and the epithelial layer.

Compared with celiac disease, CPI duodenitis demonstrated higher prevalence of neutrophilic infiltrates and erosions, increased lamina propria CD3 and CD8 T cells, and reduced CD4:CD8 ratio.

The expression of IL-12p70, TNF-α, CD80, CD83, and CD86 was significantly reduced by conditioned medium from the 786-O and HeLa cell lines, and CD4+ T cells had a weaker TH1 phenotype with significantly decreased expression of IFN-γ and T-bet following co-culturing.

Methods and Results: Here we show that mice lacking CD84, a homophilic immunoreceptor of the SLAM family, on either platelets or T cells displayed reduced cerebral CD4+ T cell infiltration and thrombotic activity following experimental stroke resulting in reduced neurological damage.

Even if a combination of chemotherapy and immunotherapy is necessary, using CD4+T cell therapy can better reduce the dose of the associated chemotherapy compared to using combined CD8+T cells and cytokine therapy.

Ang II-infused CCR7 KO animals had exaggerated accumulation of CD8+ T cells in the kidney but reduced numbers of CD4+ and CD8+ T cells in the kidney\s draining lymph node.

In addition, we showed for the first time alterations to the CD8+ T cell memory compartment reduced CD56hi NK cells, MAIT and iNKT cells, as well as compromised differentiation of naïve CD4+ T cells into IL-21-producing Tfh-type cells in vitro.

Depletion of CD8+ T cells alone reduced vaccine efficacy, albeit to a lesser extent, but depletion of only CD4+ T cells did not reverse the protective phenotype.

CD81 siRNA significantly reduced Th9 cell differentiation from naïve CD4+ T cells in vitro.

Moreover, HLA-G treatment showed an effect on the allogenic T-cell immune response as assessed by flow cytometry: The influx of recipient-derived CD8+ T-cells into the graft mesenteric lymphnodes at POD7 was significantly reduced while CD4+ populations were not affected.

At the same time, gene profiling analysis of old CD8 T cells demonstrated reduced chemokine ligand-3 and CD40L expression that resulted in compromised CD8+ T cell/dendritic cell communication, leading to impaired migratory and phagocytic activity of CD11c cells.

Blockade of CD80/CD86 with CTLA-4-Ig markedly reduced the cycling and absolute numbers of MP Tregs and MP CD4+ T cells, with minimal effect on the NP T cell subpopulations.

Transcriptional analysis of tetramer+ CD8+ T cells from treated persons revealed reduced expression of genes associated with activation and apoptosis, with concurrent up-regulation of prosurvival genes including BCL-2, AXL, and SRC Early treatment also resulted in robust HIV-specific CD4+ T cell responses compared to untreated HIV-infected individuals.

The zinc finger transcription factor Zbtb7b (or cKrox or Thpok) is normally expressed in MHC class II-restricted thymocytes and promotes CD4 lineage choice.

We observed that ZFP36L2 is highly expressed in naïve CD4+ T cells.

Zbtb7bR367Q homozygous mice show a defect in the lymphoid compartment expressed as severe reduction in the number of single-positive CD4 T cells in the thymus and in the periphery, reduced brain infiltration of proinflammatory leukocytes in P.

Nullbasic is a mutant form of the HIV-1 transcriptional activator protein (Tat) that strongly inhibits HIV-1 transcription and replication in lymphocytes in vitro To investigate Nullbasic inhibition in vivo, we employed an NSG mouse model where animals were engrafted with primary human CD4+ cells expressing a Nullbasic-ZsGreen1 (NB-ZSG) fusion protein or ZSG.

Furthermore, CD4-1+ and CD8α+ T cells from kidney express Zap-70, but not CD3ε, while the T cells from other tissues express both Zap-70 and CD3ε, although expression of CD3ε was low.

Treatment with ZL(3) VS restored the presentation of endogenously expressed EBNA4 in 1 HLA-A11-positive BL cell line.

Dimeric engagement is necessary and sufficient to stimulate downstream activation processes including TCR down-regulation, Zap70 phosphorylation, and CD25 and CD69 up-regulation, even in T cells that do not express the MHC coreceptor CD8.

To more precisely investigate ZIKV-specific CD8+ T cells in isolation, we engineered a Listeria monocytogenes-based vector to express a single MHC class I-restricted immune dominant peptide, E294-302, from ZIKV envelope protein.

Our CG2 clonal zebrafish assembly provides genomic context within a remarkably divergent haplotype of the core MHC region on chromosome 19 for six expressed genes not found in the zebrafish reference genome: mhc1uga, proteasome-β 9 b (psmb9b), psmb8f, and previously unknown genes psmb13b, tap2d, and tap2e We identify ancient lineages for Psmb13 within a proteasome branch previously thought to be monomorphic and provide evidence of substantial lineage diversity within each of three major trifurcations of catalytic-type proteasome subunits in vertebrates: Psmb5/Psmb8/Psmb11, Psmb6/Psmb9/Psmb12, and Psmb7/Psmb10/Psmb13.

This antagonism is observed both in vitro and in vivo, is transcriptional, and requires domains of Zbtb7b that are essential to its ability to promote CD4 differentiation in vivo.

These findings demonstrate that the transcription factor Zbtb7b promotes CD4 expression by antagonizing Runx-mediated CD4 repression.

In this study, we show that the " licensing" of NK cells, determined by the presence of KIR2DL3 and homozygous HLA-C1 in host genome, results in their cytokine reprogramming, which permits them to promote CD4(+) T cell activation and Th17 differentiation ex vivo.

The resulting peptides bind to MHC class II molecules to promote CD4(+) T cell recognition.

Furthermore, Zbtb7b fails to antagonize Runx in cells treated with histone deacetylase inhibitors, suggesting that Zbtb7b acts by reducing the expression of thus far unknown factors that cooperate with Runx molecules to repress CD4.

CD8+ T lymphocytes mediate potent immune responses against tumor, but the role of human CD4+ T cell subsets in cancer immunotherapy remains ill-defined.

After 21-day co-culture with DC pulsed with CD40L+ apoptotic BCP-ALL blasts, T cells presented with both effector and central memory phenotype, and showed high and specific cytotoxic activity against leukemic cells (average lysis = 77 %), mostly mediated by CD8+ T cells.

In this study, we assessed the ability of virus-specific memory CD8 T cells to mediate protection against infection in the absence of SARS-CoV-specific memory CD4 T or B cells.

HIV-related factors, IL-6, CD8+ T-cell activation or CD8+ T-cell senescence did not mediate the associations, and no associations were found between CMV-specific CD4+ T-cell responses and blood pressure in PLHIV.

We hypothesized that the memory recall response in the absence of CD4(+) T-cells is mediated by a robust memory humoral response, CD8(+) T-cells, and IgG-mediated phagocytosis by alveolar macrophages.

The proliferating cells were CD4+ T cells, and CTL activity was mediated by CD8+ human leukocyte antigen (HLA)-restricted T cells.

CD69 suppression, a marker of reduced CD8+ T cell activation, was only mediated by CD45(-) exosomes.

CD4+ T helper (TH) cells are key regulators in the tumour immune microenvironment (TIME)  mediating the adaptive immunological response towards cancer, mainly through the activation of cytotoxic CD8+ T cells.

CD4+ T cells can also mediate powerful immune responses but their peptide recognition by MHC class II molecules is more complex, which is why the attention has been focused on CD8+ T cells.

Granzyme B (GzmB) has previously been shown to be critical for CD8(+) T cell-mediated graft-versus-host disease (GVHD) but dispensable for GVHD mediated by CD4(+) T cells.

muridarum mouse model for human Chlamydia genital tract infections CD4 T helper type 1 cell responses mediate protective immunity while CD8 T-cell responses have been associated with scarring and infertility.

These observations support the hypothesis that general beta-cell stress drives autoreactive CD4(+) T-cell activity while islet over-expression of MHC class I commonly seen in T1D mediates amplification of CD8(+) T-cells and more rapid beta-cell loss.

The mechanisms are probably distinct from those of antibody-mediated virus neutralization or cytotoxic CD8 cell killing of virus-infected cells and may be mediated in part by CD4 T cells.

These results indicate that protective antimalaria immunity induced by IrPySpz in MHC-I-K(d)-Tg mice is mediated by CS protein-specific, K(d)-restricted CD8+ T cells.

In addition, IL-33 treatment upregulated CD40 L expression on tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes, and promoted the activation of CD4+ T, CD8+ T and natural killer cells via CD40 L signaling.

These data suggest that low CCR5 expression on sooty mangabey CD4(+) T cells favors the preservation of CD4(+) T cell homeostasis and promotes an AIDS-free status by protecting CD4(+) T(CM) cells from direct virus infection.

Knocking down CD47 and anti-CD47 Ab promoted phagocytic activities of macrophages in a CD47 expression-dependent manner in vitro.

In conclusion, the present study reports an alternative activation of STAT1 via Src by EGCG in IFN-γ-activated CD4(+) T cells, which promotes the apoptosis of IFN-γ-activated CD4(+) T cells and contributes to the improvement of T cell-mediated colitis.

We overcame this limitation by constructing mice with CD4 enhancer/promoter-regulated human CD4, CCR5 and cyclin T1 genes integrated as tightly linked transgenes (hCD4/R5/cT1 mice) promoting their efficient co-transmission and enabling the murine CD4-expressing cells to support HIV-1 entry and Tat-mediated LTR transcription.

CD4+ transfer into lymphodepleted animals or regulatory T (Treg) cell depletion promoted GzmB expression by tumor-infiltrating CD4+, and this was prevented by interleukin-2 (IL-2) neutralization.

We demonstrated that LIO-1 induced the degradation of LAG3 mRNA in immune cells, decreased the LAG3 expression on CD4+ T cells, maintained the prolonged proliferation and promoted the activation of antigen-specific CD4+ T cells, and increased the production of IFN-γ, IL-2, and IL-6 in the antigen re-stimulated immune cells.

Furthermore, DCs isolated from CD40- and CD80-treated recipients promoted CD4+CD25+FoxP3+ regulatory T cell differentiation in vitro.

Here we show that two stage-specific Cd4 cis-elements, the previously characterized enhancer E4p and a novel enhancer E4m, coordinately promote Cd4 transcription in mature thymic MHC-II-specific T cells, in part through the canonical Wnt pathway.

The potency of these constructs derives from (i) their ability to simultaneously and cooperatively bind the CD4- and CCR5-binding sites of a single gp120 monomer of the HIV-1 envelope glycoprotein trimer and (ii) the ability of the CCR5-mimetic component to prevent the CD4-mimetic peptide from promoting infection when cellular CD4 is limiting.

In contrast, Runx1 mutants that lacked the activation domain necessary for initiating gene transcription did not fully restore thymocyte differentiation, in that it neither repressed CD4 expression nor promoted the CD4/8 double-negative to CD4/8 double-positive transition.

Here, we apply our mechanistic understanding that differentiation into effector memory CD4+ T cells more effectively promotes HIV-1 latency reversal to significantly improve proviral measurements in the QVOA, termed differentiation QVOA (dQVOA), which reveals a significantly higher frequency of the inducible HIV-1 replication-competent reservoir in resting CD4+ T cells.

Our studies indicate that CD40 in Müller cells is sufficient to upregulate retinal inflammatory markers and appears to promote experimental diabetic retinopathy and that Müller cells orchestrate inflammatory responses in myeloid cells through a CD40-ATP-P2X7 pathway.

The data support a model where SIV Nef induces CD4 endocytosis by promoting the normal interactions between the di-leucine sorting signal in the CD4 cytoplasmic domain and AP-2, but does not substitute for the CD4-AP-2 adaptor interaction.

Interaction of CCL4 chemotaxis was interrupted by blocking, which led to drift back the TGF-β producing CD4+CD56+NKT cells and promoted CD8+CD56+NKT cells recruitment in in vitro infection site.

Using murine aGVHD transplant experiments, we show that miR-155 strongly impacts alloreactive T cell expansion through multiple distinct mechanisms, modulating proliferation in CD8+ donor T cells and promoting exhaustion in donor CD4+ T cells in both the spleen and colon.

Furthermore, we found that treatment with PlGF up-regulated IL-10 production in CD4+ and CD8+ T cells promoted CD8+ T cells apoptosis and enhanced the expression of inhibitory receptors (PD-1 and TIM-3) on activated T cells.

Lycopene treatment increased the CD4+/CD8+ ratio in the spleen and promoted IFNγ-expressing CD8+ T cells in tumor tissues.

While CD8⁺ memory T cells can promote long-lived protection from secondary exposure to intracellular pathogens, less is known regarding the direct protective mechanisms of CD4⁺ T cells.

Remarkably, BMDCs from Gal-8-deficient mice (Lgals8-/- BMDC) displayed reduced CD86 and IL-6 expression and an impaired ability to promote antigen-specific CD4 T cell activation.

These results indicate that IFN-gamma/IL-2-secreting CD8 T cells may promote antigen-specific proliferation of CD8 T cells even in the absence of helper CD4 T cells.

In four subjects who temporarily failed on HAART, the percentage of IFN-gamma-producing T cells, both for HIV and EBV, paralleled CD4(+) T cell kinetics, suggesting that function seems to be related to differences in CD4(+) T cell numbers.

Previous studies have confirmed that the dynamic imbalance of Th1/Th2 cells in CD4+T cell subsets of T cell subsets is closely related to the pathogenesis of CSU, but there are few studies on the relationship between the dynamic imbalance of Th17/Treg cells in CD4+T cell subsets and the pathogenesis of CSU.

We estimated the CD4 counts at which 50 per cent of the HIV-infected but AIDS-free population has AIDS related complex (ARC) based on three biannually measured CD4 counts.

Taken together, these findings define the nature and extent of CD4(+) T cell depletion in lymphoid tissue and point to mechanisms of profound depletion of specific T cell subsets related to elimination of CCR5(+) CD4(+) T cell targets and disruption of T cell homeostasis that accompanies chronic immune activation.

To measure CCR5 and CXCR4 chemokine receptor expression on CD4 and CD8 T cells in HIV-1 infection and to relate levels to the distribution of CD45RO memory and CD45RA-naive subsets, measures of disease activity, and response to highly active antiretroviral therapy (HAART).

To measure CCR5 and CXCR4 chemokine receptor expression on CD4 and CD8 T cells in HIV-1 infection and to relate levels to the distribution of CD45RO memory and CD45RA-naive subsets after effective HAART.

This is the first reported case of T-LGLL with dual components of CD4+/CD8dim and CD4-/CD8+ populations in terms of multiple comorbidities related to the respective CD8+ and CD4+ T-LGLLs.

We present evidence here that human hepatoma cells are not productively infected with CD4-dependent HIV-1 strains because of inefficient fusion related to an absence of cell surface CD4 and CXCR4.

Applying CD4 depletion model parameters from seroconverter cohort data to our population-based sample, we related the square root of the first pre-treatment CD4 count to time of serconversion though a linear mixed model and estimated the time from seroconversion to diagnosis and ART initiation.

A second larger section covers the latest developments concerning nanomaterial-based biosensors for HIV diagnosis, with paying a special attention to the determination of CD4+ cells as a hall mark of HIV infection, HIV gene, HIV p24 core protein, HIV p17 peptide, HIV-1 virus-like particles (VLPs) and HIV related enzymes, particularly those that are passed on from the virus to the CD4+ T lymphocytes and are necessary for viral reproduction within the host cell.

miR-128 was inversely correlated with cluster of differentiation 47 (CD47), which was positively related to zinc finger E-box-binding homeobox 1 (ZEB1) in PDAC.

Higher nadir CD4+ T-cell count was related to better Z-score in memory (p=0.

Conversely, the frequency of peripheral blood naïve α4β7+ CD4+ T cells was significantly reduced under VDZ treatment.

In contrast, caspase inhibition (Z-Val-Ala-Asp-fluoromethylketone) profoundly changed the outcome of cell-to-cell contacts by reducing the number of single dead CD4 T cells and increasing the rate of syncytium formation.

Zinc supplementation did not reduce mortality risk, CD4 cell counts, cardiovascular disease risk, and levels of inflammation or microbial translocation in people with heavy alcohol use who are living with HIV/AIDS.

The presence of the nuclear matrix targeting sequence is required for Runx-mediated CD4 repression, suggesting that Runx transcription factors are stabilized on the CD4 silencer via association with the nuclear matrix.

In these assays, the CD4-specific MAbs CG1,-7, and-8 stabilized the association of coreceptor, gp120, and CD4 in trimolecular complexes.

The results provide information on the role of Runx3 and Runx1 in thymopoiesis and suggest that both act as transcriptional repressors of CD4 expression during T cell lineage decisions.

Sex-reversing mutations in the NLSs affect nuclear import in some patients, associated with defective importin-beta binding to the C-terminal NLS (c-NLS), whereas in others, importin-beta recognition is normal, suggesting the existence of an importin-beta-independent nuclear import pathway.

In assessing the contribution of each NLS, we found that the N-terminal NLS was recognized poorly by importins, whereas the C-terminal NLS was bound by importin beta with similar affinity to SRY.

Importin α8 has recently been identified as an importin α family member based on its primary structure and binding ability to importin β1 and to several karyophilic proteins.

We have defined the nuclear localization signal on Pho4 and demonstrate that it is required for Pse1 binding in vitro and is sufficient for PSE1-dependent import in vivo.

Two metazoan homologues of Sxm1, importin 7 and importin 8  bound both NL1 and NL2, whereas importin alpha selectively bound NL1.

Using an in vitro nuclear import assay, we show that import of Arx via NLS2 can be mediated by importin beta1, importin 9, or importin 13, with binding being strongest to importin beta1.

The small GTPase Ran controls cellular processes by interacting with members of the importin beta family that bind specifically to the GTP-bound form of Ran, and this regulates the interaction between importin beta-like proteins and cellular factors.

GST-pull down and western blot were applied to test the binding affinity between the normal importin-β1, and several truncations of MARVELD1, and the binding affinity between the normal MARVELD1 and several truncations of importin-β1.

Importin binding assays indicate that nuclear access occurs via an importin-independent mechanism.

The 33 K nuclear transport utilizes both classical importin-α/-β and importin-β dependent nuclear import pathways and preferentially binds to importin-α5 and transportin-3 receptors, respectively.

SuFu also binds to Gli1 with a high nanomolar affinity, intriguingly being able to compete with Impβ1 for binding to Gli1, through the fact that the sites for SuFu and Impβ1 binding overlap at the Gli1 N-terminus.

We show that Ei24 can bind specifically to IMPβ1 and IMPα2, but not other IMPs, and use a mutated IMPβ1 derivative to show that Ei24 binds to the same site on IMPβ1 as the IMPα IBB.

With the use of a collection of in vitro and in vivo binding assays, importin α 7 interaction partners were identified that differed from proteins found to bind to importin α 2 and 3.

We examined in these cells 1) in vitro angiogenesis, 2) expression of VEGF and importin-α, 3) nuclear transport of hypoxia-inducible factor (HIF)-1 α by importin-α, 4) binding of HIF-1α to the VEGF gene promoter, and 5) effects of importin-α silencing in YGEC and its upregulation in AGEC on angiogenesis and VEGF expression.

For classical NLSs (cNLSs), this import is mediated by the importin-α (IMPα) adaptor protein, which in turn binds to IMPβ to mediate translocation of nuclear cargo across the nuclear envelope.

Aside from this canonical mechanism, kariopheryn-βs or β-like importins operate by binding to non-canonical nuclear localization signals to mediate translocation without the assistance of importin-α.

Interestingly, the binding of importin-α4 to XPA was dependent on UV-irradiation, while the binding of importin-α7 was not, suggesting a role for importin-α7 in nuclear translocation of XPA in the absence of DNA damage, perhaps with specificity to certain non-S-phases of the cell-cycle.

Our present analyses reveal that Importin-α3 can directly bind to Notch-ICD and loss of Importin-α3 function results in cytoplasmic accumulation of the Notch receptor.

siRNA knockdown of the human importin-α isoform KPNA2, corresponding to the murine importin-α isoform previously shown to bind to DENV-2 NS5, did not substantially affect DENV-2 NS5 nuclear localization, whereas knockdown of importin-β did.

Amino acids 7-50 containing the cNLS and the ncNLS of NP1 or full-length NP1 interact with importin α1, importin β1 and importin β1Δ, which lacks the importin α binding domain, indicating that the nuclear import of NP1 is through both conventional importin α/β1 heterodimer- and non-classical importinß1-mediated pathways.

The structure reveals that the autoinhibitory mechanism mediated by the importin-β binding domain of importin-α operates in plants, with NLS-mimicking sequences binding to both minor and major NLS binding sites.

Unbiased identification of importin α binding proteins in cellular differentiation represents a powerful tool to help identify the functional roles of importin αs.

The IMPα-Nc theoretical model displayed high similarity of its inner concave surface, which binds the cargo proteins containing the nuclear localization sequences, among IMPα from different species.

We first depleted digitonin-permeabilized semi-intact cells of endogenous importin α and used the cells to show that the interaction between importin α and Nup153--a component of the nuclear pore complex (NPC)-- is essential for efficient import of importin β-binding domain containing substrates, but not other cargoes that directly bind to importin β.

When we modeled the 3 D structure of the Gli NLS-Importin α complex, the two basic clusters were predicted to fit in the two binding interfaces of Importin α.

A binding assay using the three Impα isoforms showed that Vpr bound preferentially to the ninth armadillo repeat (ARM) region (which is also essential for the binding of CAS, the export receptor for Impα) in all three isoforms.

Comparison of the importin-α- and actin-complexes revealed that the binding of G-actins to MAL is associated with folding of NLS residues into a helical conformation that is inappropriate for importin-α recognition.

Crystallographic analysis of mammalian importin α1 in complex with the hPLSCR4-NLS reveals this minimal NLS binds specifically and exclusively to the minor binding site of importin α.

Furthermore, mutations affecting RanBP5 binding are incompatible with or severely attenuate viral growth, providing further support for a key role for RanBP5 in the influenza A virus life cycle.

In vitro binding assays indicated that importin α interacted with the zinc finger domain of Snail to compete with the binding of importin β1 and that Snail did not form a ternary complex with importin α/importin β1.

To investigate the effects of adaptive mutations on importin interaction and selectivity, surface plasmon resonance was used to compare the binding rate constants and affinities of avian H5N1 and human H3N2 PB2 C-terminal variants with importin isoforms human α 1, 3, 5 and 7, and avian α 1.

The crystal structure of MOF NLSs in complex with importin α1 further revealed a unique binding mode of MOF, with two independent NLSs binding to importin α1 major and minor sites, respectively.

Further, we have identified a high-affinity microtubule-binding region that lies carboxyl-terminal to the NLS, which is sterically masked by Importin-β on being bound by Importin-α.

Atomic structures of importin α bound to two variants of NLS2 revealed NLS2 primarily binds the major-NLS binding site of importin α, unlike NLS1 that associates with the minor NLS-pocket.

The structure reveals that RanBP3 binds to importin-α3 residues that are strictly conserved in all seven isoforms of human importin-α at the major NLS-binding site, indicating that the region of importin-α outside the NLS-binding site, possibly the autoinhibotory importin-β1-binding domain, may be the key determinant for the preferential binding of RanBP3 to importin-α3.

The structures show that EBNA1 NLS binds to the major and minor NLS-binding sites of importin-α1, and indicate that the binding affinity of the EBNA1 NLS to the minor NLS-binding site could be enhanced by phosphorylation of S385 through electrostatic interaction between the phosphate group of phospho-S385 and K392 of importin-α1 (corresponding to R395 of importin-α5) on armadillo repeat 8.

Based on our quantitative experimental data, we pursue NF-κB system modelling by explicitly including NF-κB-importin and IκBα-exportin binding to show that the competition between importins and IκBα enables NF-κB nuclear translocation despite high levels of IκBα.

We further characterised the interaction between the NLS and Importin-α using complementary biophysical techniques and have determined the 2.4 Å resolution crystal structure of the HNF1β NLS peptide bound to Importin-α.

We identified Importin-α1 to bind to AnkG, but not to the mutants and concluded that binding of AnkG to p32 and Importin-α1 is essential for migration into the nucleus.

Consistent with this, molecular binding and transport assays indicate that the P-CTD mediates IMPα2/IMPβ1-dependent nuclear import by conferring direct binding to the IMPα2/IMPβ1 heterodimer, as well as to a truncated form of IMPα2 lacking the IMPβ-binding autoinhibitory domain (ΔIBB-IMPα2), and IMPβ1 alone.

More particularly, importin α1 bound directly to FGF1 and FGF2, secreted cNLS-containing growth factors, and addition of exogenous importin α1 enhanced the activation of ERK1/2, downstream targets of FGF1 signalling, in FGF1-stimulated cancer cells.

RBBP4 accelerates the release of importin β1 from importin α via competitive binding to the importin β-binding domain of importin α in the presence of RanGTP.

This is the first report to identify a factor that competes with importin β1 to bind to importin α, and it demonstrates that the loss of this factor can trigger cellular senescence.

We predict that the stepwise dissociation of the NLS from Impα facilitates unloading by providing a partially complexed intermediate that is available for competitive binding by Nup50 or the Importin β binding domain.

We discovered that importin α also binds to the primary binding site of the 14-3-3 proteins with high affinity, which suggests that both importin α and 14-3-3 are each competing with the other for this broad-binding region (residues 117-196) on ChREBP.

We establish for the first time that ivermectin can dissociate the preformed IMPα/β1 heterodimer, as well as prevent its formation, through binding to the IMPα armadillo (ARM) repeat domain to impact IMPα thermal stability and α-helicity.

The NIT-2 NLS sequence binds with high affinity to the Impα major binding site from both organisms, but its binding to minor binding sites reveals interesting differences due to the presence of additional interactions of NIT-2-NLS with MmImpα.

It remains unknown if either proinflammatory stress-responsive transcription factors (SRTFs), ferried to nucleus by importin α5, or lipid-regulating sterol regulatory element binding proteins (SREBPs), transported to the nucleus by importin β1, mediate endotoxin shock.

Mutational analysis indicates that the mitotic phosphorylation of importin-α1 inhibits its binding to importin-β and promotes the release of TPX2 and KIFC1, which are then targeted like importin-β to the spindle.

Strikingly, GW5074 not only inhibits IMPα binding to IMPβ1, but can dissociate preformed IMPα/β1 heterodimer, through targeting the IMPα armadillo (ARM) repeat domain to impact IMPα thermal stability and α-helicity, as shown using analytical ultracentrifugation, thermostability analysis and circular dichroism measurements.

We report that in co-immunoprecipitation assays PARP2 interacts with several isoforms of the importin-α group of nuclear transport adapters and that PARP2 binding to IMPORTIN-α2 is mediated by the identified nuclear localization sequence.

NLS identifications are based on Importin α (Impα) binding affinity determined by fluorescence polarization of fluorescein-labeled NLS peptides, X-ray crystallographic analysis of the Impα∆IBB•NLS complexes and fluorescence-based subcellular localization studies.

We thus focused on importin β1 as a binding partner of NORAD and found that knockdown of NORAD partially inhibits the physical interaction of importin β1 with Smad3, inhibiting the nuclear accumulation of Smad complexes in response to TGF-β.

Interestingly, importin α5 was verified to interact with M protein through binding importin β1.

We determined the crystal structure of the C-terminal region of Importin4 bound to the histone H3 peptide, thus revealing that the acidic patch in Importin4 accommodates the histone H3 tail, and that histone H3 Lys14 contributes to the interaction with Importin4.

Molecular docking simulations of TP2(NLS) with the importin-4 structure led to the identification of a TP2(NLS) binding pocket spanning the three helices (helices 21 to 23) of importin-4, which was experimentally confirmed by in vitro interaction and import studies with different deletion mutants of importin-4.

RanBP5 binds to RanBP1 as part of a trimeric RanBP1-Ran-RanBP5 complex.

Importin-alpha contains the NLS binding site, whereas importin-beta mediates the translocation through the nuclear pore.

Moreover, in living cells, the full-length U1A accumulated in the nucleus in a Ran-dependent manner, and nuclear accumulation was inhibited by the importin beta binding domain of importin alpha.

The presence of an importin-beta N-terminal domain at their N-terminus, their size of approximately 110 kD, their nuclear localization and the identity of the homologue to a gene of a recently submitted RanGTP binding protein (RanBP16), suggest that its protein is a novel member of the importin-beta superfamily of nuclear transport receptors, therefore called RanBP17.

We have previously shown that GAL4 is recognised with high affinity by importin beta and not by the conventional nuclear localisation sequence binding importin alpha subunit of the importin alpha/beta heterodimer.

The alpha-subunit of the complex (importin-alpha) binds to the NLS and the beta-subunit (importin-beta) carries the alpha-subunit, bound to the NLS substrate, into the nucleus.

The rice importin alpha1 showed specific binding to fusion proteins containing either monopartite or bipartite NLSs, but not to a fusion protein containing a Matalpha-2-type NLS, suggesting that there exists selective binding of rice importin alpha1 to different plant NLSs.

Nuclear import of proteins containing classical nuclear localization signals (NLS) is mediated by the importin-alpha:beta complex that binds cargo in the cytoplasm and facilitates its passage through nuclear pores, after which nuclear RanGTP dissociates the import complex and the importins are recycled.

The crystal structure of the importin-alpha:Nup50 complex shows that Nup50 binds at two sites on importin-alpha.

Furthermore, we show that PLSCR1 is specifically transported into the nucleus by the importin alpha/beta import pathway, and binds directly and with high affinity to importin alpha.

Importin alpha binds directly NLS and functions as an adapter for accessing the importin beta-dependent import pathway.

Importin alpha binds to importin beta, which docks the protein complex to nuclear pores, and the complex translocates into the nucleus.

Four XY gonadal dysgenesis patients with mutations in SRY NLS regions showed reduced nuclear import accompanied in some cases by reduced importin beta recognition.

We describe a novel double-fluorescent label DNA binding assay to demonstrate mutual exclusivity between importin beta recognition and DNA binding on the part of SRY, which may represent an alternative release mechanism upon nuclear entry.

The high-mobility group domain of human SRY contains two independent nuclear localization signals, one bound by calmodulin (CaM) and the other by importin-β.

Clinical SRY and SOX9 mutations causing disorders of sex development (DSD) highlight defective protein-protein interactions between SRY or SOX9, and carrier proteins required for nuclear import (importin-b and calmodulin) and nuclear export (CRM-1).

After stratification for the effect of HLA-B,51, MICA,049 was still associated with BD in HLA-B,51 negative patients (OR = 40.61, P = 0.02).

We conclude that HLA-A,11(,1101) and-B,15(,1501) are associated with susceptibility to HSP in Mongolian children and HLA-A,26(,2601), HLA-B,35(,3503) and HLA-B,52 are associated with susceptibility to HSP in Han children.

In addition, HLA-A,30:04 was associated with genital ulcers in HLA-B,51 non-carriers (OR = 3.89, P = 0.002, Pc = 0.048).

HLA-A,02:07, A,26:01, and A,30:04 were associated with increased risk for BD, while HLA-A,33:03 with decreased risk.

We conclude that, HLA-B(,) 44 positivity may be associated with familial NGOA and HLA-A(,) 29 may be a preventive factor against NGOA.

Our results indicate that HLA-A,2601 is possibly associated with ocular BD, independent of HLAB, 5101, indicating that HLA-A,2601 is an additional susceptibility allele candidate of ocular BD in Japan.

The results suggest that HLA-A,1101 may be associated with protection against HIV and the development of TB in HIV patients while HLA-B,4006 may be associated with susceptibility to HIV and TB development in HIV patients.

For HLA-A, 17 heterozygotes were significantly associated with increased occurrence of intentional violent death, with heightened prevalence for HLA-A2, HLA-A23, HLA-A30, HLA-A68, and HLA-A74 alleles.

The study suggests that HLA-A2-DRB1,1501 haplotype may be associated with HIV infection while HLA-A2-DRB1,1502 haplotype might be associated with susceptibility to PTB in HIV patients.

HLA-A,0101, HLA-A,0201, HLA-A,0203, HLA-A,1101, HLA-A,2402, HLA-A,2601, and HLA-A,3101 alleles were associated with one or more of the three different Alu elements within the alpha block as independent haplotypes, and HLA-A,0101, HLA-A,0201, HLA-A,0203, HLA-A,1101, and HLA-A,2402 alleles were associated with at least two different Alu insertions as a haplotype within the alpha block.

Furthermore, HCP5 and HLA-C alleles stratify B,57-containing genotypes into those that associate with either striking disease retardation or progressive disease, providing one explanation for the long-standing conundrum of why some HLA-B,57-carrying individuals are long-term non-progressors, whereas others exhibit progressive disease.

The distribution of gene frequency of HLA-A,-B,-DR and-DQ alleles in anti-r-HuEpo associated PRCA cases showed high gene frequency of HLA-A,02, HLA-A,11 and HLA-A,24 for HLA-A loci, HLA-B,18, HLA-B,46, HLA-B,60 and HLA-B,62 for HLA-B loci, and HLA-DRB1,09, HLA-DRB1,12 and HLA-DRB1,15 for HLA-DR loci.

Whereas HLA-B35 might be associated with pustular skin diseases, HLA-A2 is a risk factor for the development of rheumatoid arthritis.

HLA-A,30 and HLA-A,32 were also associated with susceptibility to scleroderma, while HLA-B,57 and HLA-Cw,14 were protective.

Pulmonary fibrosis was associated with HLA-B,62 and HLA-Cw,0602, whereas pulmonary hypertension was associated with HLA-B,13 and HLA-B,65.

Therefore, our results suggest that the selective down-regulation of HLA-A and HLA-Bw6 allospecificities associated with HLA-Bw4 preservation provides leukemic cells with an escape mechanism not only from cytotoxic T lymphocytes (CTLs), but also from NK cells.

HLA-A,2301 was associated with both HLA-Cw,0401 and HLA-Cw,0409N, suggesting that HLA-Cw,0409N may have arisen from a mutation in a CEH.

In females, HLA-B51 (OR = 9.8) was associated with nonsymmetrical onset and HLA-Cw1 (OR = 4.7) with symmetrical onset.

HLA-B,51 has been universally associated with Behcet\s disease (BD) susceptibility, while different alleles of HLA-A have also been identified as independent BD susceptibility loci in various ethnic populations.

This study suggests that HLA-A,26,-A,31, and-B,51 are associated with susceptibility risk to BD, while HLA-B,15 may be protective in Saudi patients.

CM-SJS/TEN with SOCs was strongly associated with HLA-A,02:06 and significantly associated with HLA-B,44:03 in Japanese individuals, significantly associated with HLA-B,44:03 in Indian and Brazilian individuals, and associated with HLA-A,02:06 in Korean individuals.

Furthermore, we identified three individuals with a new null allele in the HLA-C gene (HLA-C(∗) 2 : 105 N)  associated with the haplotype HLA-A(∗) 80 : 1 ∼B(∗) 18 : 1 : 1 G∼DRB1(∗) 7 : 1.

Six HLA alleles including HLA-A,33:03, HLA-B,38:02, HLA-B,51:01, HLA-B,56:02, HLA-B,58:01, and HLA-C,14:02 were significantly associated with phenytoin-related SJS/TEN, whereas only the HLA-B,51:01 was significantly associated with phenytoin-related DRESS.

The HLA-A,11, HLA-B,13, HLA-B,15, and HLA-DRB1,12 genotypes were associated with a higher risk of VLS, while the HLA-A,31, HLA-DRB1,01, and HLA-DRB1,03 genotypes were associated with a lower risk of VLS.

The alleles positively associated to the ESRD were: HLA-B,15, B,18, B,49-DRB1,03, negatively associated alleles were A,26, HLA-B,39, B,50.

HLA-B,58 was associated with GT and HLA-B,57 was possibly associated with psoriasis.

We found that HLA-B,44:03 was significantly associated with CM-SJS/TEN with SOC in the Indian and Brazilian but not the Korean population, and that HLA-A,02:06 might be weakly associated in the Korean- but not the Indian and Brazilian population.

The presence of HLA-B alleles (B,15:01, B,18:01, and B,51:01) associated with two or more HLA-C alleles as well as the presence of unusual HLA-B/HLA-C (B,35:01-C,07:01 and B,35:01-C,14:02) combinations resulted in mismatches at the HLA-C locus.

Our results confirm previous findings that the HLA-B∗46 and HLA-A(∗) 2 B(∗) 46 haplotypes are strongly associated with NPC, but we did not observe HLA-A(∗) 11 and-B(∗) 35 association with resistance to NPC.

The results suggest that HLA-A(∗∗) 33 may be associated with DF while HLA-B(∗) 18 and HLA-Cw(∗) 7 alleles may be associated with symptomatic dengue requiring hospitalization.

In the presence of HLA-DRB1(∗) 7/(∗) 15 genotype, HLA-Cw(∗) 7 is associated with increased risk of developing DHF while in the presence of other HLA-DRB1 alleles, HLA-Cw(∗) 7 is associated with DF.

Increasing HLA-C expression was associated with protection against multiple outcomes independently of individual HLA allelic effects in both African and European Americans, regardless of their distinct HLA-C frequencies and linkage relationships with HLA-B and HLA-A.

We have found HLA-A,02, HLA-B,35 and HLA-C,07 to be associated to protection from ATLL (HLA-A,02) and susceptibility to HAM/TSP (HLA-B,35) or to ATLL (HLA-C,07), respectively.

The results showed that HLA-A,01:01:01, B,37:01:01 and C,01:02:01 were positively associated with schizophrenia while HLA-B,35:03:01 and DRB1,04:03:01 were negatively associated.

HLA-B,15:02 and HLA-C,08:01 alleles were significantly associated with CTX-induced SJS/TEN, whereas the HLA-B,13:01 allele was significantly associated with CTX-induced DRESS.

In addition to its previously described relationship with HLA-B,35, genetic susceptibility to SAT was associated with the presence of HLA-B,18:01, DRB1,01 and C,04:01.

HLA-A,02 allele is associated with potentially better MS outcomes, whereas HLA-B,07, HLA-B,44, HLA-B,08, and HLA-DQB1,06 with a potential negative effect.

Our data for HLA class I showed that HLA-C,4 was associated with lower risk for histologic NASH and HLA-C,6 was protective against portal fibrosis.

Conversely, HLA-B,27 was associated with high-grade hepatic steatosis, while HLA-A,31 was associated with increased risk for advanced fibrosis.

HLA-B,46:01 (OR = 3.96, Pc = 0.008),-C,01:02 (OR = 2.51 Pc = 0.04),-DPB1,02:02 (OR = 3.99, Pc = 0.04), and-DPB1,05:01 (OR = 4.6, Pc = 0.003) were significantly associated with GD, and HLA-A,02:07 (OR = 4.68, Pc = 0.045) and-DPB1,02:02 (OR = 6.57, Pc = 0.0001) with HD.

Our group previously reported that HLA-A,26 is independently associated with the risk of the onset of BD apart from HLA-B,51.

The polymorphism of HLA-A,-B,-DRB1,-DQB1 alleles is associate with AA in these patient cases, the HLA-B,1302, HLA-B,3501, HLA-DRB1,0701, HLA-DRB1,0901 and HLA-DQB1,0202 may be sensitive genes to AA, while the HLA-A,3303 and HLA-DQB1,0302 may be protective genes on AA.

HLA-A,02∶06, HLA-B,13∶02, and B,40∶06 may be associated with delayed disease progression in HIV-infected people, while HLA-B,46∶01 may be associated with accelerated disease progression.

Cold medicine-related SJS/TEN (CM-SJS/TEN) with SOC was strongly associated with HLA-A,02:06 in the Japanese populations, and significantly associated with HLA-B,44:03 in the Japanese and in Indian and Brazilian populations.

The results showed that HLA-B,15:02 and HLA-A,31:01 are significantly associated with cADRs in a Chinese Han population in Shanghai, suggesting that HLA-B,15:02 and HLA-A,31:01 genotypes should be detected in the application of AEDs.

Among 19 HLA-B alleles with the high allele frequencies (above 0.007), 9 HLA-B alleles, B,0702, B,1301, B,3701, B,3901, B,4006, B,4403, B,5201, B,5901 and B,6701 were found to be tightly associated with single HLA-Cw alleles.

HLA-CW1 heavy chains, when free of beta 2 m, are less soluble in the detergent TX-114 than free HLA-B27 heavy chains, and when associated with beta 2 m share an alpha 3 domain epitope with free HLA-A2 and-B27 heavy chains.

When appropriate peptides were added to cultured cells or in cell lysates significant amounts of conformed HLA-C molecules that associate with beta 2-microglobulin (beta 2 m) are detected, but are indeed not sufficient to restore expression to the level observed for HLA-A or-B molecules.

We find that intrinsic properties of the HLA-C heavy chain proteins do not correlate with low cell surface expression: HLA-C heavy chains associate and dissociate with beta 2-microglobulin (beta 2 m) at rates comparable to those found for HLA-A and-B, and increased competition for beta 2 m does not alter the surface expression of HLA-C.

Seven correlated with HLA-A locus substitutions (Glu-62/Gly-65, Lys-66, Arg-114, His-114/Tyr-116/Lys-127, Thr-142/His-145 [ x2], and Thr-149), two with HLA-B locus substitutions (Thr-24, Ser-24) and three with interlocus antibodies associated with either HLA-A and B (Leu-82/Arg-83 [ x2]) or with HLA-B and-C substitutions (Leu-163).

It appears that HLA-C H chains are initially synthesized in amounts similar to HLA-A and B H chains, but associate inefficiently with beta 2-microglobulin, resulting in low expression of HLA-C at the cell surface.

The pattern of HLA-antigens associated with haemochromatosis in Denmark shows similarities to those reported both in Germany, being HLA-A3, B7 dominated, and in Brittany, Great Britain and Central Sweden, being HLA-A3, B14 dominated.

These findings suggest that in human cells, HLA-C locus products may be associated only weakly with B2m, explaining some of the difficulties encountered in biochemical studies of HLA-C antigens.

The results of various studies suggest that the HLA-CW2 antigen is expressed to a lower extent than the HLA-A or B antigens and that essentially all of the beta2m of the BRI 8 plasma membrane is associated with the HLA-A, B and C alloantigenic polypeptides.

While for HLA-A and-B, both antigenic as well as allelic mismatches are associated with an increased risk of acute GVHD, such an increased risk is only observed for antigenic HLA-C mismatches and not for allelic mismatches.

An allele encoding an HLA-C antigen, tentatively called CX44 associated with HLA-B44 was identified as a new member of the Cw14 group, Cw,1403.

The recombinant haplotype analysis of the HLA-Cw6 and CDSN,TTC alleles in 228 Chinese families showed that the HLA-Cw6(-)/CDSN,TTC(+) recombinant haplotype is clearly not associated with risk for psoriasis (TratioNT = 29 : 57, p = 0.0025) in a Chinese population, suggesting that the CDSN,TTC allele itself does not confer risk without the presence of the HLA-Cw6 allele.

Alleles from the HLA-B,07:02-DRB1,15:01-DQA1,01:02-DQB1,06:02 haplotype were associated with higher (lowest p = 2.14 × 10-7) and HLA-B,44:02 with lower (β =-0.35 [-0.54 to-0.17 ], p = 1.38 × 10-2) immunoglobulin G levels.

HLA-B,14:01 is associated with TMP-SMX DILI in European Americans, and HLA-B,35:01 may be a potential genetic risk factor for African Americans.

The HLA-B,42, HLA-C,17, HLA-DPA1,03, and HLA-DPB1,105 genotypes were associated with allergic asthma and the HLA-B,48 genotype with the nonallergic phenotype.

The finding that donor HLA-C,14:02 was not associated with severe acute graft-versus-host disease prompted us to elucidate the relation of these high-risk HLA alleles with patient and donor HLA-C allele mismatches.

HLA-B,57:01 associates with immune hypersensitivity reaction (IHR) in individuals exposed to abacavir (ABC), while nevirapine (NVP) IHR associates with HLA-B,35:05, HLA-C,04 and HLA-C,08.

Recently, accumulating evidences from both genetic and functional studies have suggested that MICA polymorphisms may be associated with various rheumatic diseases, and the expression of MICA variants may attribute to the altered immune responses in the diseases.

Overall, three alleles (HLA-A⁎02, A⁎33, and Aw⁎31) were significantly associated with increased risk of vitiligo, two (HLA-A⁎09 and Aw⁎19) were associated with decreased risk, and the remaining 28 were unassociated.

The meta-analysis suggests that HLA-A⁎02, A⁎33, and Aw⁎31 are associated with increased risk of vitiligo, while HLA-A⁎09 and Aw⁎19 are associated with decreased risk of vitiligo.

For examples, the T-cell receptor-β (TRB) V6-5, HLA-A,02:01 combination was associated with a positive outcome, and the TRBV6-1, HLA-A,01:01 combination was associated with a negative outcome.

First, we used homology modeling to derive the three-dimensional structures of HLA-B,13:01 (associated with DHS) and HLA-B,13:02 (not so associated despite strong sequence identity [ 99 % ] with HLA-B,13:01).

It is often associated with HLA-B27 and with inflammatory rheumatic diseases, in particular with spondyloarthritis (SpA), which itself is strongly associated with HLA-B27.

PsA developing at a younger age, severe skin disease, peripheral joint erosions, and HLA-B,0801 are significantly associated with SI, and there was only a marginal trend towards significance for HLA-B,2705.

HLA-B27 is associated with the inflammatory spondyloarthritides (SpA), although subtypes HLA-B,27:06 and HLA-B,27:09 are not.

By expressing HLA-B,27:05, 6-like, and 9 alleles on a restrictive rat transporter associated with antigen processing background, we demonstrate that a tyrosine expressed at p116, either alone or together with an aspartic acid residue at p114, inhibited HLA-B27 dimerization and increased the assembly rate.

Furthermore, responses were detected to carbamazepine (in HLA-B,15:02 donors), flucloxacillin (in 1 HLA-B,57:01 donor) and oxypurinol (in HLA-B,58:01 donors), which are associated with HLA-class I-restricted forms of hypersensitivity.

HLA-DRB1,16:02, HLA-DQB1,05:02 and HLA-B,67:01, in linkage disequilibrium with each other, are associated with susceptibility to RPC Importance of HLA-class II loci in RPC susceptibility is suggested.

HLA-B27 associated disorders comprise a group of inflammatory conditions which have in common an association with the HLA class I molecule, HLA-B27.

We have previously reported that HLA-B,58:01 is strongly associated with allopurinol-induced severe cutaneous adverse reactions in Han Chinese, but the associations of the HLA-B,58:01 genotype in an allopurinol-induced hypersensitivity phenotype remain unclear.

Since the HLA-B,57:01 allele is strongly associated with abacavir hypersensitivity reaction, testing for the presence of HLA-B,57:01 is mandatory before administration of abacavir.

In order to identify HLA-B alleles associated with autism in Thai population, we compared the frequency of HLA-B allele in 364 autistic subjects with 952 normal subjects by using a two-stage sequence-specific oligonucleotide probe system (PCR-SSOP) method based on flow-cytometry technology.

The available evidence suggest that HLA-B,57 group allele is associated with slow disease progression, while HLA-B,35 group allele is associated to increased risk of MTCT and rapid disease progression in infected children.

The HLA-C 3 \ UTR variant was shown to associate with HIV control, but like the vast majority of disease associations in a region dense with causal candidates, a direct effect of HLA-C expression level on HIV control was not proven.

A variant 35 kb upstream of the HLA-C gene (- 35 C/T) was previously shown to associate with HLA-C mRNA expression level and steady-state plasma HIV RNA levels.

Moreover, high levels of HLA-C, were associated with reduced frequencies of anergic CD56neg NKs and lower frequencies of KIR2DL1/2/3+ NK cells, pointing to an HLA-C induced influence on the NK cell development in the absence of disease.

Among the latter a region placed in the 3 \ untranslated region of HLA-C transcript contains the single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) rs67384697 " G-ins/del" that has been found to be strictly associated with surface levels of HLA-C allomorphs because of the effect on the binding site of a microRNA (Hsa-miR-148a).

Structure-based analysis revealed that the combination of the amino acid change in HLA-C and the telomeric genotype tA01/tB01 could be associated with lower stability of HLA-C.

Donor HLA-C,07 positivity was associated with lower odds for BKVAN, recipients bearing KIR haplotype AA or lacking any activating KIR genes were more frequent in BKVAN while recipient/donor combination HLA-C,07 negative/KIR AA positive was significantly associated with BKVAN.

Since cytomegalovirus retinitis (CR) is an important cause of visual impairment among AIDS patients and HLA-C alleles have been associated with AIDS disease outcome, we typed HLA-C locus in patients with AIDS exhibiting or not CR.

Twenty-two of fifty-five patients responded to peptides from HLA-A2 and this was associated with but not confined to those who had made antibody to HLA-A2 (14/18).

In AP-treated patients with well-functioning grafts, poor HLA-AB and HLA-DR matching was associated with increased leucocyte infiltration, while in patients receiving Cy therapy the effect of matching on cellular infiltration was seen only during rejection in grafts poorly matched for HLA-AB antigens.

In early HIV infection, host expression of the protective HLA-B,81 allele was associated with lower RC (P = 0.05), as was expression of HLA-B,07 (P = 0.02), suggesting early immune-driven attenuation of RT-integrase by these alleles.

In chronic infection, HLA-A,30:09 (in linkage disequilibrium with HLA-B,81) was significantly associated with lower RC (P = 0.05), and all 6 HLA-B alleles with the lowest RC measurements represented protective alleles, consistent with long-term effects of host immune pressures on lowering RT-integrase RC.

We found that HLA-C,12:02 was significantly associated with lower plasma viral loads (pVL) and higher CD4 counts and that the HLA-A,29:01-B,07:05-C,15:05 haplotype was significantly associated with higher pVL and lower CD4 counts than those for individuals without these respective genotypes.

When patients were treated with HAART, however, HLA-B,57 was associated with increased mortality and risk to die from bacterial infections and sepsis, suggesting an ambiguous role of HLA-B,57 for survival in HIV/HCV infection depending on the circumstances.

HLA-B,35 : 1 and HLA-Cw4 associated with cutaneous NVP HSR (P = 0.001, P = 0.01), and HLA-Cw,08 was associated with NVP HSR with eosinophilia (P = 0.04) and multisystemic NVP HSR (P = 0.02).

Consistent with previous studies, the viral set points associated with each HLA-B allele are strongly correlated with the number of Gag-specific polymorphisms associated with the relevant HLA-B allele (r =-0.56, P = 0.0034).

The viral set points associated with each HLA-C allele were also strongly correlated with the number of Pol-specific polymorphisms associated with the relevant HLA-C allele (r =-0.67, P = 0.0047).

HLA-B27 is directly associated with the disease physiopathology as suggested by animal models of rats transgenic for human HLA-B27 and beta2 microglobulin.

We conclude that homozygosity for HLA-Bw4-bearing B alleles is associated with a significant advantage and that the HLA-Bw4 motif is important in AIDS pathogenesis.

HLA-B,27:05 is associated with AS whereas HLA-B,27:09 is not associated.

The HLA-B,35-Px allele has been associated with rapid disease progression in HIV-1 infection, in contrast to the HLA-B,35-Py allele.

To determine whether HLA-B27 misfolding and the unfolded protein response (UPR) result in cytokine dysregulation and whether this is associated with Th1 and/or Th17 activation in HLA-B27/human beta(2)-microglobulin (Hubeta(2) m)-transgenic rats, an animal model of spondylarthritis.

Previous studies have identified several HLA-B specificities that are associated with nasopharyngeal carcinoma (NPC) in populations of Chinese descent, in particular HLA-B35,-B38,-B46, and-B58.

MICA alleles have also been associated with IBD, and a variation at amino acid position 129 of the α2-heavy chain domain seems to categorize MICA alleles into strong and weak binders of NKG2D receptor, thereby influencing the effector cells\ function.

This tendency was observed in every lung cancer tissue type, and the sFas levels of lung cancers with HLA-A2 associated significantly with the CTL levels of lung cancers with HLA-A2.

HLA-B,42:01, which presents multiple Gag epitopes is associated with a 0.52 log(10) lower viral-load set point than HLA-B,42:02 (P = 0.02), which presents no p24 Gag epitopes.

HLA-B,42:01, which presents multiple Gag epitopes, is associated with a 0.52 log(10) lower viral-load set point than HLA-B,42:02 (P = 0.02), which presents no p24 Gag epitopes.

HLA-B,4001 was associated with mutations at E77 (P = 0.05) and E113 (P = 0.002), and HLA-B,5602 was associated with mutations at S21 (P = 0.02).

HIV-1 and Mycobacterium tuberculosis coinfection caused downmodulation of HLA-A2 expression in human monocyte-derived macrophages associated with resistance to lysis by HLA-A2-restricted CD8+ T cells and failure to restrict the growth of intracellular Mycobacterium tuberculosis.

We provide information on the peptidome of HLA-B,39:06, which is associated with the autoimmune disease type 1 diabetes, and extend the analysis to include a further five human leukocyte antigen (HLA) alleles (HLA-A,02:01/-A,11:01/-A,24:02/-B,18:01/-B,38:01) studied under identical experimental conditions.

We analyzed an HLA-B,13-restricted CTL response toward an epitope in p1 Gag, RQANFLGKI(429-437) (RI9), where amino acid variation at Gag residues 436 and 437 is associated with HLA-B,13 expression.

We examined HIV-specific CD8 T-cell responses in HIV-infected adolescents carrying either an HLA class I allele associated with a favorable prognosis (HLA-B,57) or an allele associated with usual disease progression (HLA-B,35 or HLA-B,53) using interferon-gamma ELISpot and ICS assays.

These results have led to the identification of four new potential T CD8(+) epitopes from p53: 194-203 associating with HLA-B51 and 204-212, 211-218, and 235-243 associating with HLA-A24.

Indeed, the epitope is very dominant in HLA-B,27:02+ patients and is associated with viral escape mutations at the anchor position for HLA-binding in 12 out of 13 HLA-B,27:02+ chronically infected patients.

The human leukocyte antigens HLA-B27 and HLA-B57 are associated with protection against progression of disease that results from infection with human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1), yet most people with alleles encoding HLA-B27 and HLA-B57 are unable to control HIV-1.

Importantly, LILRB4-5 also upregulated the major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class I and β2-microglobulin gene expression as well as the expression of transporter associated with antigen processing 1-2, which play an important role in MHC class I activation.

Both mutants upregulated the major histocompatibility complex II (MHC-II)-associated invariant chain and downregulated CD4, MHC-I, and CD28, although with reduced efficiency for the latter.

A mechanistic analysis revealed the retention of MICA in the endoplasmic reticulum, an effect that was associated with accumulation of endoH-sensitive (immature) forms of MICA, retrograde transport to the cytoplasm, and degradation by the proteasome.

Recently we sequenced a single contig of 236, 822 bp from the MICA gene (58.2 kb centromeric of HLA-B) to 90.8 kb telomeric of HLA-C and identified 8 novel genes designated NOB1-8 (NOB: new organization associated with HLA-B).

A detailed analysis of HLA-B in both populations demonstrated that HLA-B,57 was associated with an increased risk of psoriasis and HLA-B,40 a decreased risk, independently of HLA-Cw,0602 and the C6orf10 locus, suggesting the potential pathogenic involvement of HLA-B.

Because of physical vicinity of the loci, MICA mismatch was significantly associated with mismatch at HLA-B and HLA-C.

MICA alleles showed strong linkage disequilibrium with the B locus: some 4-digit alleles were preferentially associated with a given MICA allele.

MICA expression was associated with CD80, MHC class I and MHC class II up-regulation, secretion of proinflammatory cytokines, and apoptosis inhibition, but was not accompanied by release of MIC molecules in soluble form.

Kaingang is the first population described to have a high frequency of MICA,020 found associated with HLA-B,3505-HLA-Cw,0401.

Kaingang is the first population described to have a high frequency of MICA,020, found associated with HLA-B,3505-HLA-Cw,0401.

In this study, we directly sequenced both of the highly polymorphic MIC genes (MICA and MICB) in order to establish whether they are associated with type 1 diabetes independently of the known type 1 diabetes MHC class II genes HLA-DRB1 and HLA-DQB1.

To assess the confounding effect of MICA,009 on HLA-B,51, we performed a stratification analysis that showed that BD was distinctly associated only with HLA-B,51.

In addition, the association of MICA sensitization with reduced graft survival was more evident in kidney-transplant recipients with good HLA matching: among 326 recipients who received well-matched kidneys (0 or 1 HLA-A plus HLA-B plus HLA-DR mismatch), sensitization against MICA was associated with poorer allograft survival (83.2 +/- 5.8 % among those with anti-MICA antibodies vs.

In our case-control study, we found that the MICA,A5 variant was significantly associated with an increased risk for T1D, while MICA,A6 was significantly associated with a decreased risk that was confirmed by our meta-analysis.

Our study suggests that MICA gene polymorphism is associated with autoantibody formation and that the polymorphism especially MICA5/5 and-5.1/5.1 are important in early events of autoimmune reaction.

Our results provide the first evidence that the MICA and HLA-B genes are independently associated with the genetic susceptibility to GCA, and suggest that several genes within the MHC might have independent effects in the susceptibility to this systemic vasculitis.

Following transplantation, MICB was up-regulated on renal tubules of 17/60 (28 %) biopsies and was associated with MHC class II antigen induction (P=0.

Non-MHC genes associated with susceptibility to type 1 diabetes in both Japanese and Caucasoid patients include polymorphisms in the insulin gene, the cytotoxic T-lymphocyte antigen 4 (CTLA4) gene, the interleukin-18 (IL18) gene and the major histocompatibility complex class I chain-related gene A (MICA) gene.

Although MICA was not associated with cervical cancer in the study of Northern Sweden, there are no further studies about the association of MICA polymorphism and the different histological types of cervical cancer.

MICA,009 was strongly associated with the presence of HLA-B,51 in patients and controls.

No MICB allele was found to associate significantly with the disease, an unexpected finding considering the close proximity of the MICA and MICB loci.

MICA-STR polymorphism is associated with NPC, and MICA,A9 is a genetic susceptibility marker of male individuals for NPC in a southern Chinese population.

Among Indonesians, the frequency of MICA-A9 allele, which was reported to be negatively associated with Behçet\s disease, was significantly higher, whereas the MICA-A6 allele frequency, which was reported to be positively associated with Behçet\s disease, was significantly lower among Japanese.

A comparison of the psoriasis patients and the control group revealed that MICA,010 and MICA,017 were associated with Type I psoriasis whereas only MICA,010 was associated with Type II.

A large proportion of Japanese with the HLA-B48 allele have a MICA gene deletion associated with a MICB null allele within the class I region of the Major Histocompatibility Complex (MHC).

The AluyMICB insertion was also associated with at least three different MICB alleles,, 102,, 107 N and, 105, and three different HLA-B alleles, B13, B48 and B57, respectively, in the seven Workshop cell-lines (the 4 th Asia-Oceania Histocompatibility Workshop, and the 10 th International Histocompatibility Workshop) and the six Japanese cell-lines that were selected for this study.

The INS-VNTR gene or polymorphisms of MICA gene are associated with susceptibility, whereas a certain allele of MICA gene and IL-10 gene polymorphism are associated with clinical heterogeneity of the disease.

In view of our results, both HLA-DRB1 and MICA are associated with CD, but stratification analysis did not show any independent contribution of the MICA polymorphisms analyzed to CD risk.

Stratification analysis showed that MICA,A6 homozygosity was strongly associated with BD in the HLA-B51-negative population, and HLA-B51 was also associated with MICA,A6-negative population.

In conclusion, MICA,A6 rather than HLA-B51 was strongly associated with Korean patients with BD, and the MICA,A6 allele is a useful susceptibility marker of BD, especially in the HLA-B5-negative The recent advances about a new distinct family of polymorphic genes MIC (PERB11) " mapped" in the region of the major histocompatibility complex of antigens MHC were presented.

To analyze the genetic contribution of HLA in development of psoriatic arthritis (PsA) and to study whether MICA is primarily associated with PsA or whether its association is secondary to linkage disequilibrium with centromeric genes, such as MICB, TNFA, or HLA-DRB1.

The association of MICA-A9 was independent of MICB-CA-22 and Cw,0602, since it was also associated in MICB-CA-22 negative (p(c) = 0.0015, OR 2.96, EF 0.34) and in Cw,0602 negative patients (p(c) = 0.034, OR 2.83, EF 0.34).

HLA-B alleles and MICB-CA22 are associated secondarily to linkage with MICA.

Analysis of the AluyMICB and HLA-B allelic relationships revealed that AluyMICB,1 occurred at relatively low gene frequency (0.118-0.157) [ corrected] but was strongly associated with HLA-B17 (HLA-B57HLA-B58) and HLA-B13.

MICA,007 is associated with susceptibility to UC in our population and MICA,008 with type 2 IBD PeA.

These results suggest that the MICA gene or other nearby gene(s) may be involved in the development of PsA, and it would thus appear that psoriasis vulgaris (PsV) and PsA are associated with different MHC susceptibility genes.

The frequency of the MICA-MICB null haplotype was 3.7 % on the average, and was strongly associated with HLA-B48 in seven East Asian populations.

Conversely, the remaining three possessed an intact MICA gene of MICA008 or MICA010 allelic variant associated this time with a putative expressed MICB allele, MICB0102.

We analyzed the distribution of MICA triplet repeat polymorphism in HLA-B,2709 [ not associated with ankylosing spondylitis (AS) ] and B,2705 (associated with AS) haplotypes, to verify whether the strong association of MICA-A4 with HLA-B27 reported in other populations is maintained in Sardinia, and compared the distribution of MICA-A alleles in HLA-B27 negative versus HLA-B27+ patients with AS.

These data suggest that MICA gene is associated with age-at-onset and that a gene (or genes) responsible for age-at-onset of type 1 diabetes is located in the HLA class I region, probably near the region of MICA-B-C.

We conclude that, in contrast to previous finding reporting a strong association of MICA-TM genes and Behçet disease in Japanese patients, in our population HLA-B51 is more closely associated to Behçet susceptibility than MICA-TM genes.

The variant MICA,002A is associated with HLA-B35 and B58, while the allele MICA,002B is associated with B38 and B39.

This meta-analysis showed that the MICA-TM A9 allele is associated with psoriasis susceptibility in Asian populations and that the MICA-TM A9 allele is associated with a PsA risk in Europeans.

The wider significance of HLA and MICA allele frequencies across the Pacific for modern day health is also discussed in terms of the frequency relative to reference populations of disease known to be associated with specific HLA and MICA markers.

We investigated whether MICA-129 is differentially associated with skin and joint manifestations of psoriatic disease (PsD) independently of human leukocyte antigen (HLA)-C and HLA-B in patients and controls from Toronto and St.

The MICA-129 methionine (Met) allele, particularly Met/Met homozygosity, was strongly associated with both cutaneous psoriasis (PsC) and psoriatic arthritis (PsA) independently of HLA-B and HLA-C in Toronto patients, and was also associated with PsA in St.

Our data suggest that increased prevalence and intensity of anti-MICA antibodies are associated with impaired renal graft function in long-term renal graft recipients and some MICA antibodies might be more important than others in mediating graft rejection.

Thus, the MICA,027 allele is associated with a protective effect for leprosy per se, while the MICA,010 and MICA,027 alleles are associated with protection against multibacillary leprosy, the most severe clinical subtype.

The MICA polymorphism is genetically associated with SLE, and MICA appears to contribute to the pathogenesis of SLE by modulating NK cell function.

We investigated whether mismatching MICA alleles associates with MICA antibody production and graft rejection or dysfunction.

Multivariate analysis revealed MICA mismatching, as an independent significant factor associated with the presence of MICA antibodies (p = 0.009), and 14 mismatched MICA residues significantly correlated with MICA antibody production.

MICA and HLA antibodies significantly associated with acute rejection (AR) and MICA DSA and HLA DSA correlated with decreased graft function by univariate and multivariate analysis.

MICA,008 the most abundant allele (31.1 %) was associated with the MICA A5.

Assay for Transposase-Accessible Chromatin using sequencing (ATAC-seq) analysis revealed that upregulated MICA transcription was associated with an open chromatin structure at the MICA transcription start site.

1 polymorphism in the MICA gene, which encodes a truncated MICA protein is associated with higher s-MICA levels and increased pancreatic cancer risk.

1 polymorphism in the MICA gene, which encodes a truncated MICA protein, is associated with higher s-MICA levels and increased pancreatic cancer risk.

Our study shows that the MICA,006 (MICA-A6) and the MICA,009 alleles are associated with BD susceptibility in HLA-B,51 positive Turkish population, particularly in HLA-B,51 patients with MICA,006, which might be considered as a diagnostic biomarker for BD in the future.

In conclusion, our findings indicate that the MICA-129Val/Val variant is associated with significantly higher levels of sMICA and the progression of MM, strongly suggesting that the usage of soluble MICA as prognostic marker has to be definitely combined with the patient MICA genotype.

MICA incompatibilities have been associated with an increased graft-versus-host disease (GVHD) incidence, and the MICA-129 (met/val) dimorphism has been shown to influence NKG2D signaling in unrelated hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (uHSCT).

HLA-B-MICA haplotypes such as HLA-B,50:01-MICA,009:02 were associated with single MICB allele.

Some HLA-B-MICA haplotypes were associated with multiple MICB alleles, including HLA-B,51:01-MICA,009:01.

Etiology-guided analysis of RP patients showed that very low MICA levels were associated with idiopathic RP, while high MICA was associated with autoimmune and post-operative RP.

This meta-analysis shows that the MICA-TM A6 allele and the MICA,009 allele are associated with BD susceptibility in various ethnic populations, and that MICA alleles are in strong linkage disequilibrium with HLA-B51 in BD.

Mechanistically, we found that cancer progression in TRAMP/MICB mice was associated with loss of the peripheral NK cell pool owing to high serum levels of tumor-derived soluble MICB (sMICB).

MICB 5 \ promoter haplotype-9 carrying CT deletion at positions-139/- 138, which is associated with decreased MICB promoter activity, was present in 26.9 % of MICB alleles and was linked to MICB,002:01, MICB,008, and MICB,014 in this population.

The most common multilocus haplotype in Han was MICB,1:B,4601:Cw,0102:TF,1:HJ,1:HG,2:HF,1 (15.6 %) associated with the AluHG insertion, whereas the second most common multilocus haplotype in Han was MICB,1:B,1502:Cw,0801:TF,1:HJ,2:HG,1:HF,1 (11.8 %) associated with the AluHJ insertion.

Using a series of hybrid CAT constructs, associating HLA-A3 and HLA-B7 complete or fragmented promoters, the differential regulation was shown to be associated with 2 nucleotide differences at positions-176 and-175 in the interferon regulatory sequence (IRS) of the HLA-A3 and the HLA-B7 genes.

To test the hypothesis that the major histocompatibility complex (MHC) encodes functional variation other than the classical HLA genes, we measured risks associated with donor-recipient MHC microsatellite (Msat) marker mismatching in 819 HCT recipients and their HLA-A,-B,-C,-DRB1, and-DQB1 allele-matched unrelated donors.

By contrast to CBZ-SJS/TEN, HLA-B,1502 association was not observed in the MPE or HSS groups: MPE was associated with SNPs in the HLA-E region and a nearby allele, HLA-A,3101 (Pc=2.

There are five polymorphic Alu insertion (POALIN) loci within the major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class I region that have been strongly associated with HLA class I alleles, such as HLA-A1, HLA-A2 and HLA-B57.

The results of MHC class I experiments revealed a significant downregulation of cell membrane associated MHC class I antigen in IDO genetically modified keratinocytes relative to that of either nontransfected or empty vector transfected cells.

The analysis of the recombinant fragments of these haplotypes allowed the identification of the MHC regions in the 35.1, 35.2, and 44.2 haplotypes associated with rapid progression to AIDS and the MHC regions of the 44.1 and 57.1 haplotypes associated with slow progression to AIDS.

HLA-A,01,-A,0207,-A,30,-B,08,-B,13,-B,4601,-B,57,-Cw,01,-Cw,0602, and-DRB1,07 were positively associated with type I psoriasis, whereas HLA-A,24,-A,33, and-Cw,04 were negatively associated with type I psoriasis with statistical significance when compared to the controls.

HLA-A3 and DR1 were significantly associated with acute GVHD, the first with a higher risk (44 % in HLA-A3(+) versus 34 % in HLA-A3(-) patients) and the latter with a lower risk (28 % in HLA-DR1(+) versus 38 % in HLA-DR1(-) patients) for developing acute GVHD grade II--IV.

Repression of HLA-B and C gene expression by CDP/cut does not involve displacement of NF-Y, nor is CDP/cut associated with the histone deacetylase HDAC1 when bound to the HLA-B7 repressor element.

Based on these experiments, as well as analysis of the predicted structure of the B and F polymorphic MHC pockets, we classified five Patr molecules (Patr-A,0101, Patr-B,0901, Patr-B,0701, Patr-A,0602, and Patr-B,1301) within previously defined supertype specificities associated with HLA class I molecules (HLA-A3,-B7,-A1, and-A24 supertypes).

In stratification analysis on the confounding effect of MIC-A009 on HLA-B,51 association and vice versa, Behçet\s disease was distinctively associated only with HLA-B,51.

An individual\s major histocompatibility complex (MHC) ancestral haplotype (AH) is the clearest single determinant of susceptibility to MHC associated immunopathological disease, as it defines the alleles carried at all loci in the MHC.

While searching for the " true" disease gene near the HLA-A gene, we discovered that homozygosity of the HLA-J M80469 pseudogene allele, in combination with HLA-A10 or HLA-A9, was associated with a high risk of schizophrenia (HLA-A10 relative risk = 29.33, p = 0.00019, patients N = 77, controls N = 214).

HLA-A,01:01 was associated with poorer OS (HR = 2.23, 95 % CI = 1.24-4.01), and HLA-DRB1,13 (HR = 0.12, 95 % CI = 0.02-0.9) and HLA-B Bw4 (HR = 0.36, 95 % CI = 0.2-0.63) with better OS among FL patients.

In order to consider the effect of MHC restriction, peptides are classified by their associated MHC alleles.

Upon the development of MHC-peptide-binding assays and definition of their associated motifs, we reveal that these Mamu alleles share peptide-binding characteristics with the HLA-A2 and HLA-A3 supertypes, respectively, the next most frequent human supertypes after HLA-B7.

The majority of known major histocompatibility complex class I (MHCI)-associated tumor-derived peptide antigens do not contain an optimal motif for MHCI binding.

Down-regulation of transcription of the MHC class I genes in HPV16 tumorigenic cells is partly due to HPV16E7 associated with the MHC class I promoter and repressed chromatin activation.

Furthermore, HLA-B,35:01 was confirmed to be associated with PM-DILI with a frequency of 41.1 % in the PM-DILI group compared with 11.9 % (P = 4.3 × 10-11, OR = 11.11, 95 % CI: 5.57-22.19) in the other-DILI group and 2.7 % (P = 6.22 × 10-166, OR = 62.62, 95 % CI: 35.91-109.2) in the Han-MHC database.

We used a laminar flow chamber to measure, first, 2 D TCR-pMHC dissociation kinetics of peptides of various activating potency in a cell-free system in the force range (6 to 15 pN) previously associated with catch-slip transitions and, second, 2 D TCR-pMHC association kinetics, for which the method is well suited.

Additional class III risk variants in the MHC region associated with POMS were revealed after accounting for HLA-DRB1,15:01 and HLA-A,02.

The presence of HLA-A,01 was directly associated with HSV detection frequency, whereas the presence of HLA-C,12 was inversely associated with HSV detection frequency.

The presence of HLA-A,01 was directly associated with lesion rate, while HLA-A,26,-C,01 and-DQB1,0106 were associated with decreased lesions.

One MHC haplotype is strongly linked with pediatric-onset IBD, whereas the need for immunomodulatory therapy and surgery outcome associates with other distinct MHC gene markers.

We have examined the expression levels of allelic lineages at the HLA-A locus in a sample of 216 European Americans using a real-time polymerase chain reaction assay, which amplifies all HLA-A lineages specifically with equal efficiency, and observed a gradient of expression that associates with HLA-A allelic lineage (R = 0.6, P = 5 × 10 (- 25)).

Each POALIN was in significant linkage disequilibrium with a variety of HLA-A,-B,-C and-DRB1 alleles, and was associated with a variety of HLA-A,-B,-C and-DRB1 allele in Chinese Han.

The HLA-B57 gene when transfected into murine L cells is expressed on the cell surface and reacts with a panel of monoclonal antibodies directed against monomorphic and polymorphic determinants associated with HLA-B27 antigen.

The following types of mice were produced: mice of the MHC b haplotype genetically deficient in beta2m (beta2m(0)) on several genetic backgrounds (C57BL/6J [ B6], BALB/cJ, SJL/J, MRL/MpJ, and B6129), mice deficient in the transporter associated with antigen processing (TAP1(0)) on a B6129 background, and HLA-B27-transgenic beta2m(0) mice on a B6 background.

HLA-B,27:05 is associated with the development of autoimmune spondyloarthropathies, but the precise causal relationship between the MHC haplotype and disease pathogenesis is yet to be elucidated.

The human MHC class I protein HLA-B,27:05 is statistically associated with ankylosing spondylitis, unlike HLA-B,27:09, which differs in a single amino acid in the F pocket of the peptide-binding groove.

In stratification analysis of the Arab subgroup, on the confounding effect of MIC-A A6 on HLA-B51 association and vice versa, Behçet\s disease was distinctly associated only with HLA-B51.

To determine whether an HLA-B27-like molecule was associated with spondyloarthropathies in nonhuman primates, we analyzed the MHC class I cDNAs expressed in a cohort of rhesus macaques that developed reactive arthritis after an outbreak of shigellosis.

A synthetic peptide (B27PD) from a common sequence of various HLA-B molecules associated with uveitis, such as HLA-B27 and 51, which shares amino acid homologies with a retinal-S antigen (S-Ag)-derived peptide (PDSAg), was shown to be immunogenic in human and experimental uveitis in the rat.

All patients with C2 deficiency carrying the haplotype [ HLA-B18, S042, DR2] were associated with HLA-Cw,1203.

The 14-mer peptide B27PD is derived from the sequence of all HLA-B antigens that are statistically associated with uveitis (including HLA-B27).

In contrast, HLA-C allotypes have four glycan structures, comprising those associated with HLA-A and-B and two additional glycans.

Stratification for HLA-B27 and DR4, the HLA alleles most frequently associated with late onset pauciarticular and late onset polyarticular JRA, respectively, revealed a persistent effect of LMP2 BB homozygosity on disease susceptibility and phenotype that remained statistically significant in HLA-B27 positive children, and was not due to linkage disequilibrium.

Rats transgenic for the human MHC molecule HLA-B27 were used to study the effect of two alleles, cima and cimb, which are associated with peptide transport by the MHC-encoded Tap2 transporter, on the function of HLA-B27 as a restriction element for CTL recognition of the male H-Y minor H Ag and on the multisystem inflammatory disease characteristic of B27 transgenic rats.

The novel B,4402-variant sequence, HLA-B,4405, was identified in 4 individuals, and in each case was associated with an HLA-B44, Cw,02022, DRB1,0101, DQB1,0501 haplotype.

HLA-B7 haplotypes were associated with a decreased risk of acute GVHD (2 of 15, p = 0.005) whereas HLA-B44 haplotypes were associated with a higher risk of acute GVHD (11 of 14, p = 0.02).

In addition, a clear linkage disequilibrium to a specific HLA-B locus allele for each Dw specificity was noted, indicating that the Dw subtypes of DR7 often are associated with a conserved HLA-B-DR-DQ haplotype.

For example, HLA-B7 and the complotype SC31 were associated with all R5A/M20A RFLP haplotypes except haplotype E, although [ HLA-B7SC31DR7] was associated exclusively with haplotype D.

The gene coding for HLA-B associated transcript 1 (BAT1) lies adjacent to TNFA in the central major histocompatibility complex (MHC).

A single natural amino-acid substitution distinguishes the HLA-B,2705 subtype that is associated with the autoimmune disease ankylosing spondylitis from the non-disease-associated HLA-B,2709 subtype.

Recombinant haplotypes retaining HLA-Cw6 but lacking CDSN,TTC were significantly associated with psoriasis, whereas recombinants retaining CDSN,TTC but lacking HLA-Cw6 were not associated, despite good statistical power.

To test whether MHC alleles associated with common variable immune deficiency (CVID) might also be over-represented in patients with normal serum immunoglobulin levels who suffer with recurrent sinopulmonary infections (RESPI), we identified 62 consecutive RESPI patients and compared their HLA-B and HLA-DR antigen frequencies to those of 60 consecutive patients with CVID, 1627 Alabama Caucasian bone marrow donors, and 997, 230 published US Caucasians.

These observations link HLA-B27 expression with biological effects that are independent of immunological recognition, but nevertheless may play an important role in the pathogenesis of inflammatory diseases associated with this MHC class I allele.

Previous association studies of HLA-B showed several associated alleles and haplotypes of HLA-B in patients with ulcerative colitis, and among the associated alleles HLA-B,52 is well known to be strongly associated with ulcerative colitis in Japanese patients.

HLA-B,40:02 is one of a few major histocompatibility complex class I (MHC-I) molecules associated with ankylosing spondylitis (AS) independently of HLA-B,27.

By controlling for the age of psoriasis onset, we show, for the first time, that HLA-C,06:02 is not associated with PsA and that amino acid position 97 of HLA-B differentiates PsA from PsC.

We further identified multiple independent new susceptibility loci in HLA-C, HLA-B, HLA-DPB1 and BTNL2 and an intergenic variant, rs118179173 associated with psoriasis and confirmed the well-established risk allele HLA-C,06:02.

While several SNPs in the MHC region were individually associated with KD susceptibility, we report over-transmission of HLA-C,15 (z = + 2.19, P = 0.03) and under-transmission of HLA-B,44 (z =-2.49, P = 0.01) alleles from parents to patients with KD.

HLA-B,44 has been associated with KD in other smaller studies, and both HLA-C,15 and HLA-B,44 have biological mechanisms that could potentially be involved in KD pathogenesis.

Likewise, the association of ERAP1 with other MHC-I associated disorders and its epistasis with their susceptibility MHC alleles point out to a general role of the MHC-I peptidome in these diseases.

We identified five putative epitopes with associations to HLA-I alleles including HLA,B-2705 and HLA-B,5101 (associated with slow disease progression and low viral set point) and HLA-B,18 (associated with rapid disease progression and high viral set point).

More importantly we find that rs9468925 in HLA-C/HLA-B is associated with both psoriasis and vitiligo, providing first important evidence that two major skin diseases share a common genetic locus in the MHC, and a basis for elucidating the molecular mechanism of skin disorders.

However, recent genome-wide association studies have confirmed that HLA-B,51 is primarily associated with BD and that there are multiple susceptibility loci other than HLA-B,51.

A cDNA clone derived from the HLA-C gene with a blank specificity (Cx52) strongly associated with the most common haplotype in a Japanese population, A24-CwBL-B52-DR2-DQ6-DP9, has been recently cloned and sequenced in our laboratory and officially designated Cw,1201 as an allelic name, indicating that the inability to define the HLA-C antigen serologically in this haplotype is not due to an HLA-C antigen gene deletion or mutation, but to the absence of typing sera.

Nascent MHC class II molecules are associated with the invariant chain and are transported to the endolysosomal pathway, where MHC class II molecules acquire peptide antigens.

A recently identified genetic polymorphism located in the 5 \ region of the HLA-C gene is associated with individual variations in HIV-1 viral load and with differences in HLA-C expression levels.

Thus the " footprint" of the NKIR on the alpha1 helix of the class I MHC molecule HLA-C and its associated beta strands are similar in position to the site occupied by superantigens on and behind the alpha1 helix of the class II MHC molecule HLA-DR1, but further toward its C-terminus.

A single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) 35 kb upstream of the HLA-C gene is associated with HLA-C expression, and the high expressing genotype (CC) has been associated with HIV-I control.

The exercise program induced a IIx to IIa MHC shift that was associated with a corresponding increase in transcription on the antisense strand of the IIx MHC gene and a decrease in antisense transcription of the IIa MHC gene, suggesting an inhibitory mechanism mediated by NATs.

We also report that the absence of expression of IIb MHC in human limb muscle is associated with the abundant expression of antisense transcript overlapping the IIb MHC coding gene, which is the opposite expression pattern as compared with that previously observed in rats.

These include pathogen-driven selection for antigen-binding breadth and expansion of the MHC gene family associated autoimmunity trade-offs, hitchhiking of deleterious mutations linked to the MHC, geographic subdivision, and adaptive introgression.

By contrast, an unrelated, non-antigenic peptide presented by the same MHC molecule does not form a catch bond, instead manifesting a slip bond associated with rapid TCR-pMHC dissociation.

Objectives: To test the hypothesis that familial Mediterranean fever (FMF)-associated autoinflammation may exaggerate the tendency toward adaptive immunopathology or spondyloarthritis (SpA)-associated disorders including major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class I associated disorders but not classical MHC class II-associated disorders that exhibit transplacental autoimmunity including myasthenia gravis and pemphigus.

The primary outcome for this analysis is the prevalence of accessing any MHC service and secondary outcome is factors associated with access to MHC services for Indigenous women during their last pregnancy and childbirth.

The majority of MHC amino acid residues associated with the TRBV gene usage show spatial proximities in known structures of TCR-pMHC complexes.

In contrast, in women, the PPARGC1A rs8192678 A/A genotype was significantly associated with a higher proportion of MHC-I (p = 0.042) and with a lower proportion of MHC-IIx (p = 0.033), and the NRF1 rs6949152 AA genotype was significantly associated with a higher proportion of MHC-I (p = 0.008) and with a lower proportion of MHC IIx (p = 0.035).

Expression of the MHC class IIβ locus previously associated with Bd disease outcomes was a significant predictor of Bd infection intensity at early infection stages but not at late infection stages, suggesting initial MHC-linked immune processes are important for ultimate disease outcomes.

abortus was not only able to reduce the expression of mature MHC-II, but it also inhibited the expression of invariant chain (Ii)-associated immature MHC-II molecules.

2 (+) regulatory T cells from conventional T cells and also distinguished CD4(+) T cells selected by the major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class II molecule I-A(g7) (associated with the development of type 1 diabetes in NOD mice) from those selected by a non-autoimmunity-promoting MHC class II molecule I-A(b).

In a set of primary melanoma cell populations and correspondingly expanded autologous tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes (TIL), we show how MHC class II expression on melanoma cells associates with strong MHC class II-restricted CD4(+) T-cell responses that are specific for tumors.

Public CDR3 sequences are shared between mice of different MHC haplotypes, but are associated with different, MHC-dependent, V genes.

Epigenetic and genetic alterations in cancers, including promoter methylation, copy number loss, and somatic mutations, were most prevalent in NLRC5 among all MHC class I-related genes and were associated with the impaired expression of components of the MHC class I pathway.

Mutations in Gag epitopes presented by protective MHC-I alleles are associated with significantly higher fitness cost and lower reductions in binding affinity with respect to MHC-I.

We show here for the first time that HLA-B,1503 is associated significantly with poor prognosis after HIV-2 infection and that HLA-B,0801 is associated with susceptibility to infection.

Thus, the present study excluded the possibility that the disability of the presentation of HIV-1 epitopes by HLA-B35 molecules is associated with the accelerated progression of AIDS in HLA-B35-positive individuals.

The risk profile of polymorphisms at position 97 of HLA-B are more broadly associated with HIV-1 viral load during primary infection and may serve as a focal point in further studies of HLA-B function.

HLA-B,27:05 is one of the widely reported alleles associated with resistance to HIV, while HLA-A24, HLA-B7, HLA-B,07:02, HLA-B,35:01, HLA-B,53:01, and HLA-B40 are reported to be associated with susceptibility to HIV.

In the present study we demonstrate that SIVcpz and HIV-1 group N or O nef alleles down-modulate CD4, CD28, and class I or II MHC molecules and up-regulate surface expression of the invariant chain (Ii) associated with immature major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class II.

Recently, it has been demonstrated that the human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) Nef from laboratory strains down-modulates cell surface expression of mature major histocompatibility complex class II (MHC-II) molecules, while up-regulating surface expression of the invariant chain (Ii) associated with immature MHC-II (P.

WNV-induced up-regulation of cell surface MHC-I expression is associated with NF-kappaB activation and increased transcription of MHC-I mRNA.

Upon the development of MHC/peptide binding assays and definition of its associated motif, we revealed that this allele shares peptide binding characteristics with the HLA-B7 supertype, the most frequent supertype in human populations.

We found that nef alleles from all SIVsmm lineages down-modulated CD4, MHC-I, CD28 and CD3 and up-regulated the invariant chain (Ii) associated with immature MHC-II molecules in human-derived cells.

Moreover, we find that chimpanzee and human MHC associated with low viral load are predicted to elicit broader Gag-specific immune responses than human MHC associated with high viral load, thus supporting earlier findings that Gag-specific immune responses are essential for HIV-1 control.

To evaluate whether nef alleles derived from perinatally HIV-1-infected children showing no, slow or rapid disease progression differ in their abilities to downmodulate mature MHC-II or to upregulate the invariant chain (Ii) associated with immature MHC-II complexes.

The main processing pathway for MHC class I ligands involves degradation of proteins by the proteasome, followed by transport of products by the transporter associated with antigen processing (TAP) to the endoplasmic reticulum (ER), where peptides are bound by MHC class I molecules, and then presented on the cell surface by MHCs.

Addressing this, we demonstrate that, similarly to the SIVmac239 nef, primary SIVsm and HIV-2 nef alleles down-modulate cell surface expression of human CD4, CD28, CD3, and class I or II major histocompatibility complex (MHC-I or MHC-II, respectively) molecules, up-regulate surface expression of the invariant chain (Ii) associated with immature MHC-II, inhibit early T-cell activation events, and enhance virion infectivity.

Compared with the untreated group, MSC + BiAb + MB, MSC + BiAb and MSC groups had decreased levels of MMP-9, TIMP-1, STAT1 and collagen deposition, and increased levels of STAT3.

Increased STAT5 expression was associated with increased FOXP3 expression among lymphocytes, and STAT5 was constitutively activated among both melanoma cells and lymphocytes.

Our results demonstrated statin-mediated increases in suppressor of cytokine secretion (SOCS) 3 and suppressor of cytokine secretion 7, which negatively regulate the STAT/JAK signal transduction pathway and IL-6 and IL-23 gene expression in monocytes.

Infection of T cells with HVS or expression of recombinant Tip-484 significantly increased the DNA-binding activity of the STAT1 and STAT3 transcription factors in nuclear extracts and also increased the phosphorylation of STAT3 in vivo.

Surprisingly, STAT6(-/-) and BALB/c reciprocal bone marrow chimeras do not have increased immunosurveillance, demonstrating that immunity requires STAT6(-/-) hemopoietic and nonhemopoietic components.

However, STAT6(-/-) and CD1(-/-) reciprocal bone marrow chimeras do not have increased survival, suggesting that immunity in STAT6(-/-) and CD1(-/-) mice is via noncomplementing mechanisms.

Therefore, while IL-15 does not promote the STAT signaling in DCs, the increased STAT3 activity after LPS/TNFα treatment of the IL-15 DCs has a key role in their high IFN-γ effector activities.

IFNγ activated signal transducers and activators of transcription 1 (STAT1) and STAT3 phosphorylation in NHMs, and IL-4 increased the STAT3 and STAT6 phosphorylation.

Major clinical improvement was achieved after 8 \240\weeks of ruxolitinib treatment, while sustained suppression of IFNγ- and IFNα-induced phosphorylation of STAT1, STAT3, and STAT5, as well as increased STAT3-inducible and Th17-related gene expression, was demonstrated ex vivo.

We show that the oxidative hepatic environment in obesity inactivates the STAT-1 and STAT-3 phosphatase T\240\cell protein tyrosine phosphatase (TCPTP) and increases STAT-1 and STAT-3 signaling.

In a tumor vaccination approach, we found Stat3∆/∆ CD103+ cDC1s restrained mammary gland tumor growth and increased mouse survival more effectively than STAT3-sufficient CD103+ cDC1s.

IL-7 activated the JAK/STAT pathway, with increased phosphorylation of JAK-3 and STAT-3, leading to increased production of S100A4 and MMP-13.

Phosphorylated STAT5, AKT, p70S6K and MAPK were increased in copanlisib-resistant B-cell lymphoma cells, whereas phosphorylated STAT3 and NF-κB were increased in duvelisib-resistant T cell lymphoma cells.

Furthermore, Silencing of SpSTAT in vivo resulted in higher mortality rate of MCRV infected mud crab and increased the viral load in tissues, suggesting that SpSTAT could play an important role in defense against MCRV in mud crab.

We also investigated effects of p38α on gp130/JAK-STAT pathways, in which p38α increased expression of protein, gp130, EGFR, Jak2, STAT1, STAT3, STAT5, ras, and TF.

Signal transducer and activator of transcription (STAT1) 1 gain of function (GOF) pathogenic variants have been associated with increased levels of phosphorylated STAT1 and STAT1-dependent cellular responses.

Both patients had increased phosphorylation of Akt, S6, and STAT1 in NK cells, and increased total STAT1.

Furthermore, we found that JAK2 and STAT3 phosphorylation were up-regulated in rabbits with atherosclerosis when compared with those of the control group, followed by the expression of SOCS3 was also increased due to the activation of JAK2 and STAT3.

In addition, overexpression of STAT5 increased virus production in unstimulated primary T cells-both the number of p24+ cells and their level of p24 production-suggesting that STAT5 promotes a permissive state for HIV infection.

TCPTP-deficient lymphocytes treated with IL-2 had increased levels of tyrosine-phosphorylated STAT5, and thymocytes treated with interferon (IFN)-alpha or IFN-gamma had increased tyrosine-phosphorylated STAT1.

Addition of IFNgamma decreased pSTAT6 in Stat6(high) cells to Stat6(null) levels while blocking IFNgamma increased baseline pSTAT6 in Stat6(null) cells to levels similar to Stat6(high) cells.

Increasing STAT3 amount increases Channel Capacity and robustness, whereas increasing STAT3 tyrosine phosphorylation reduces robustness but increases Channel Capacity.

Jak/Stat blockade prevented the increase in cFos-expressing neurons after chronic stimulation, confirming an important role for Jak/Stat signaling in activity-dependent CST synapse formation.

HBV inhibited dramatically the methylation rather than the phosphorylation of STAT1, which was consistent with an increased STAT1-PIAS1 interaction.

Less STAT1 methylation and subsequent increased STAT1-PIAS1 interaction are involved in the mechanism of the IFN-alpha-antagonistic activity of HBV.

We conclude that HCV interferes with interferon-alpha signaling via up-regulation of PP2Ac, hypomethylation of STAT1, and increased STAT1-PIAS1 association, resulting in reduced transcriptional activation of interferon-alpha-stimulated genes.

Thus, the proteolytic cleavage of the N-terminus of Stat5a/b may be a mechanism by which Stat5 evades the transcriptional repression by PIAS3 in prostate cancer cells, and results in increased Stat5-driven gene expression and prostate cancer progression.

In wild-type STAT3 cells increasing concentrations of PIAS3 resulted in a proportional decrease in STAT3 phosphorylation.

Increased STAT1 and P-STAT1 levels in MG rats were observed by week 6, whereas increased levels of STAT3 and P-STAT3 were noted by week 2.

PPF decreased the level of phosphorylated STAT3 (p-STAT3)  increased the level of p-STAT5, but did not change the levels of STAT3 and STAT5.

A number of studies investigating experimental models and cancer cell lines have revealed that STAT6 is associated with tumor growth and development, as well as with increased invasion and metastasis, suggesting that STAT6 inhibition may serve as a novel therapeutic strategy in colon cancer.

Specifically, overexpression of PML in the cell lines bearing wild-type p53 (NIH3T3 and U87-MG cells) decreased OSM-induced STAT-3 transcriptional activity, whereas overexpression of PML increased OSM-induced STAT-3 transcriptional activity in mutant p53-bearing cell lines (HEK293T and U251-MG cells).

In summary, ectopic alpha4 increased PP2A activity in COS-1 cells and this was accompanied by Stat1alpha hypomethylation and increased Stat1alpha-PIAS1 association.

Mouse embryonic fibroblasts null for p190B Rho GTPase-activating protein exhibit increased RhoA protein content and activation, similar to what is observed in CF models, and also exhibit CF-like alterations in STAT1 regulation, including decreased STAT1 activation increased PIAS1 protein expression, and reduced NOS2 induction, implicating RhoA-mediated signaling in CF-related STAT1 alterations.

In the complex, NOK greatly elevated the c-Src-mediated STAT3 activation by increasing the phosphorylation level of STAT3 on Tyr705.

We also found that PI3K inhibition increases STAT1 protein levels following IFNγ treatment and increases accessibility at genomic STAT1-binding motifs.

Adipocyte-specific deletion of Stat5 resulted in increased adiposity, while insulin resistance and gluconeogenic capacity was decreased, indicating that glucose metabolism can be improved by interfering with adipose STAT5 function.

7 cells resulted in a decrease in the phosphorylation of STAT3, an increase in expression of vascular endothelial growth factor A and placental growth factor, and an increase in the phosphorylation of STAT1, IκBα and p65 proteins compared with controls.

The mRNA levels of tumor necrosis factor-α (TNF-α), interferon-γ(IFN-γ), interleukin-2 (IL-2), T-bet and signal transducer and activators of transcription 4 (STAT 4) were increased and the mRNA levels of IL-10, GA-TA-binding protein-3 (GATA-3) and STAT 6 were decreased.

Although cisplatin increased serine phosphorylation of STAT1 in wild-type mice and diminished STAT3 expression in wild-type and STAT1(-/-) mice, gentamicin increased tyrosine phosphorylation of STAT3 in STAT1(-/-) mice.

Compared with the Control group, CD47 + MSC + BiAb + MB, CD47 + MSC + BiAb, CD47 + MSC and MSC groups had decreased levels of MMP-9, TIMP-1, STAT 1 and collagen deposition, and increased levels of STAT 3.

CLCF-1 increased phosphorylation of STAT3 in multiple cell types, activated podocytes leading to formation of lamellipodia and decrease in basal stress fibers increased glomerular albumin permeability, and increased STAT3 phosphorylation of peripheral blood cells and renal cortex.

Furthermore, a select group of STAT-associated genes was increased preclinically during scrapie infection, suggesting early activation of the STAT signal transduction pathway.

STAT3 and SMAD4 expression levels were found increased in the presence of HCV core, which orchestrated SMAD4 translocation into the nucleus and STAT3 phosphorylation.

The results demonstrate cross-talk between nutritionally induced mammalian target of rapamycin complex 1 signaling and minimally modified low-density lipoprotein-mediated inflammatory signaling via combinatorial phosphorylation of STAT3 in macrophages, leading to increased STAT3 activity on the chemokine (C-C motif) ligand 2 (monocyte chemoattractant protein 1) promoter with proatherogenic consequences.

The absence of PKC-θ did not affect IFNα-induced STAT-1 Tyr701 phosphorylation but affected the increase in STAT-1 phosphorylation on Ser727, attenuating CXCL10 secretion.

RPL10 R98S expressing cells displayed JAK-STAT pathway hyper-activation upon cytokine stimulation, as well as increased sensitivity to clinically used JAK-STAT inhibitors like pimozide.

Activated phospho-STAT3 (STAT-Y640F) significantly increased DNMT3b/OCT4, while dominant negative phospho-STAT3 (STAT-Y705F) was suppressive.

Stat1-/- mice displayed increased tumor growth and metastasis compared to Stat1+/+ mice.

Analysis of dividing RG revealed that STAT3 selectively increased the proportion of dividing RG, whereas downregulation of STAT3 reduced the proportion.

Notably, the JAK-STAT pathway is altered by KLF4, with increased phosphorylation of STAT3 at tyrosine 705.

Accordingly, Ras-transformed Stat3(Δhc)/p19(ARF-/-) hepatocytes (lacking Stat3 and p19(ARF)) showed increased tumor growth, compared to those expressing Stat3, demonstrating a tumor-suppressor activity of Stat3 in cells lacking p19(ARF).

Aligned with MICB,005:02, MICB,030 has a nonsynonymous adenine substitution at nucleotide position 50 in exon 3  leading to amino acid change from serine to arginine at codon 102 of the mature MICB molecule.

The presence of Gln180 and Gly239, as in HLA-A2 led to higher cell surface expression levels when compared with the presence of Glu180 and Arg239, as in HLA-B8.

In summary, our data demonstrate that a high HLA-C HistoCheck SSM score may lead to lower TRM and improved DFS and OS after haplo-HSCT and inclusion of HLA-C HistoCheck in donor selection criteria may need to be further confirmed in prospective studies.

This case report shows that the sensitization of a HLA-B,4403 patient by a kidney transplant with a HLA-Cw,0704 mismatch led to antibodies reacting with the 156 DA eplet shared with B,4402 and other HLA-B antigens including B,0801, B,3701, B,4101, B,4201, B,4501, and B,8201.

MICA is highly polymorphic in sequence which leads to MICA protein variants with distinct features.

Thus, the influence of ERAP1 on HLA-B,27 is very diverse at the population level, because of the multiplicity and complexity of ERAP1 variants, and to the distinct effects of their co-occurring polymorphisms leading to significant modulation of disease risk among HLA-B,27-positive individuals.

HLA-B∗27 heavy chain (B27-HC) has an intrinsic propensity to fold slowly leading to the accumulation of the misfolded B27-HC in the endoplasmic reticulum (ER) and formation of the HLA-B∗27 HC homodimer, (B27-HC) 2, by a disulfide linkage at Cys-67.

These results suggest that indirect allorecognition of donor MHC class I molecules leads to rejection of cardiac allografts and development of alloantibodies in this unique transplant model in which there is a single MHC discordance between donor and recipient.

It has been suggested that during differentiation an interaction between the T-cell receptor (TCR) and MHC-encoded determinants occurs leading to the selection of an MHC-restricted receptor repertoire.

A recent report has indeed demonstrated that during pregnancy most of the combinations of uterine KIR (killer cell immunoglobulin-like receptor) NK cell receptors and fetal HLA-C molecules expressed by trophoblast led to normal pregnancies, whereas mothers lacking activating KIR of the AA genotype when the fetus possessed HLA-C of the C2 group were at a greatly increased risk of severe preeclampsia pathology.

EBV-transformed B cell lines from individuals in three large pedigrees from the CEPH reference family collection were infected with a recombinant vaccinia virus vector encoding an HLA-A,0201 transgene, which led to high level expression of the MHC restricting allele HLA-A,0201 on the cell surface.

The ability of CD8(+) T cells to engage a diverse range of peptide-major histocompatibility complex (MHC) complexes can also lead to cross-recognition of self and nonself peptide-MHC complexes and thus directly contribute toward allograft rejection or autoimmunity.

It is concluded that the negative or low expression of NKG2D ligands (MICA, MICB and ULBPs) on surface of acute leukemia cells may lead to the immune escape of leukemia cells, the abscission of MICA and MICB, and the deficiency of ULBP expression on leukemia cells may be one of immune escape mechanisms of leukemia cells.

Mismatched MICA epitopes may lead to antibodies against MICA antigens and induce immune response.

CHOP was indirectly bound to the MICA/B promoter region by interacting with AP-1 leading to MICA/B transcription.

We conclude that mismatching for MICA epitopes in renal transplantation is a mechanism leading to production of MICA antibodies that associate with AR and graft dysfunction.

However, mutation of the DAHWESWL peptide to a more HLA-A,0201-compatible structure with appropriate anchors (DLHWASWV)  leads to the production of CTLs in HLA-A,0201 mice.

Combining predictions of MHC-I binding affinities with predictions of TAP transport efficiency led to an improved identification of epitopes, which was not the case when predictions of MHC-I binding affinities were combined with predictions of C-terminal cleavages made by the proteasome.

The immunogenicity of 25 HLA-A,02:01, 28 HLA-A,24:02 and 28 HLA-B,07:02 binding peptides was tested in three HLA-transgenic mice models and led to the identification of 17 HLA-A,02:01, 4 HLA-A,2402 and 4 HLA-B,07:02 immunogenic peptides.

The cooperative interaction of Nef, AP-1, and the cytosolic tail (CT) of HLA-A leads to a redirection of HLA-A targeting from the trans-Golgi network (TGN) to lysosomes for degradation.

These data are most easily explained by a model of alloreactivity in which persistent or recurrent exposure to a foreign peptide/self-MHC complex led to the in vivo expansion and long-term maintenance of specific T cells that show fortuitous crossrecognition of an HLA-B35/peptide complex and dominate the alloresponse against HLA-B35.

As HLA-B27 subtypes have been extensively examined in other ethnic groups, novel insights into the relevance of HLA-B27 folding to disease susceptibility have led to questions regarding the influence of HLA-B27 on AS pathogenesis.

Activation of macrophages from premorbid HLA-B27 transgenic rats with IFN-gamma increases HLA-B27 expression and leads to UPR induction, while no UPR is seen in cells from nondisease-prone HLA-B7 transgenic or wild-type (nontransgenic) animals.

In LADA, the independent effects of MHC class I observed in type 1 diabetes were not observed after conditioning on the leading MHC class II associations, suggesting that the MHC class I association may be a genetic discriminator between LADA and childhood-onset type 1 diabetes.

Interestingly, peritumoral administration of DR-pulsed MHC-mismatched-APCs in the tritherapy led to similar antitumor effects as MHC-matched-APCs, indicating that the observed enhanced antitumor effect was mediated independently of antigen presentation by the administered APCs.

Isolated matching of MHC class II with bone marrow donors likewise led to stable tolerance as opposed to matching of MHC class I.

A seminal discovery of major histocompatibility complex (MHC) restriction in T cell recognition by Peter Doherty and Rolf Zinkernagel has led to 45 years of exciting research on the mechanisms governing peptide MHC (pMHC) recognition by T cell receptors (TCRs) and their importance in health and disease.

Thus, total helminth richness appears to be the most important correlate of MHC copy number, supporting a leading role of pathogen-mediated selection in the evolution of MHC in birds.

However, the detection of MHC transfer between cells, and particularly the capture of MHC:peptide complexes by dendritic cells (DCs)  led us to propose a third, semidirect, pathway of MHC allorecognition.

Deletion of the CBFalpha-interacting domain within CBFbeta-SMMHC abolished this CBFalpha2 sequestration, whereas truncation of the C-terminal-end SMMHC domain led to nuclear localization of CBFbeta-SMMHC when coexpressed with CBFalpha2.

Analysis of the three-dimensional HLA structure and molecular dynamics indicates that S97 in HLA-B,35:05 leads to less flexibility in the groove, and shorter distances between the α-helixes compared with the disease-susceptible HLA-B,35-PY allele, HLA-B,35:01.

For example, the 100 % negative predictive value of HLA-B,5701 for true immunologically mediated abacavir hypersensitivity and the development of feasible, inexpensive DNA-based molecular tests has led to incorporation of HLA-B,5701 screening in routine HIV clinical practice.

Aligned with MICB,005:02, MICB,030 has a nonsynonymous adenine substitution at nucleotide position 50 in exon 3, leading to amino acid change from serine to arginine at codon 102 of the mature MICB molecule.

Compared with HLA-A,02010101, HLA-A,02010103 has three nucleotide (nt) changes within intron 1, which is altered to a sequence typical of the HLA-A,23/A,24 allele group.

HLA-B,13:64 has one amino acid change from HLA-B,13:02:01:01 where 94 Threonine is changed to Isoleucine.

The peptide selectivity of KIR allows NK cells to respond, not only to changes in the surface expression of HLA-C, but also to the more subtle changes in the HLA-C peptidome, such as occur during viral infection and malignant transformation.

HLA-A,02:01:72 has 1 synonymous nucleotide change from HLA-A,02:01:01:01 where 591 G is changed to A.

HLA-A,24:198 has one nucleotide change from HLA-A,24:02:01 where aspartic acid (29) is changed to asparagine.

HLA-A,30:62 has one nucleotide change from HLA-A,30:01:01 where 311 Threonine (ACC) is changed to Asparagine (AAC).

HLA-A,24:02:50 has one synonymous nucleotide change from HLA-A,24:02:01:01 at nucleotide 429 (codon 119 aspartic acid).

HLA-A,11:120 has one nucleotide change from HLA-A,11:01:01:01 where 295 T(ACC) is changed to S(AGC).

HLA-A,01:127 has one nucleotide change from HLA-A,01:25 where 158 Valine is changed to Alanine.

Changes in the nature of the peptide antigens eluted from HLA-ABC after GEM treatment consisted of amino acid anchor-residue modifications and changes in peptide length which rendered peptides likely to favour alternative HLA-alleles and increased their predicted immunogenicity.

HLA-A,31:73 has one nucleotide change from HLA-A,31:01:02:01 where Serine (71) is changed to Alanine.

HLA-A,31:72 has one nucleotide change from HLA-A,31:01:02:01, where histidine (188) is changed to arginine.

HLA-A,30:72 has one nucleotide change from HLA-A,30:01:01:01 where isoleucine (95) is changed to threonine.

HLA-A,11:01:46 has one synonymous nucleotide change from HLA-A,11:01:01:01 at nucleotide 807 (codon 245 Alanine).

Aligned with HLA-B,39:01:01, HLA-B,39:130 has a nonsynonymous thymine substitution at nucleotide position 94 in exon 4, resulting in amino acid change from threonine to isoleucine at codon 214 (ACA→ATA) of the mature HLA-BmRNA molecule.

HLA-B,67:01:03 has one synonymous nucleotide change from HLA-B,67:01:02 at nucleotide 873 (codon 267 Proline).

We undertook this study to identify HLA-B27-dependent changes in both host and microbial metabolites in the HLA-B27/β2-microglobulin (β2 m)-transgenic rat and to determine whether microbiota-derived metabolites could impact disease in this major model of spondyloarthritis.

HLA-B,15:01:23 has 1 synonymous nucleotide change from HLA-B,15:01:01:01 at nucleotide 393 (codon 107 glycine).

HLA-B,15:374 has one nucleotide change from HLA-B,15:02:01 at nucleotide 553 bp where G → A in exon 3.

HLA-B,15:226N has one nucleotide change from HLA-B,15:08:01 where 87 Q is changed to a stop codon.

HLA-B,46:28 has one nucleotide change from HLA-B,46:01:01 where 48 R is changed to W.

HLA-B,40:167 has one nucleotide change from HLA-B,40:06:01:01 at nucleotide 388 where 106 D is changed to H.

HLA-B,35:168 has one nucleotide change from HLA-B,35:01:01:01 where 20 P is changed to R.

Further, we could show that increased expression of the HLA-B allomorph drives a significant change in HLA-bound antigens, independently of the significant changes observed in the cellular proteome.

HLA-B,15:435 has 5 nt changes from HLA-B,15:09:01 in exon 3 and 4.

HLA-B,40:06:07 has one synonymous nucleotide change from HLA-B,40:06:01:01 at nucleotide 81 (codon 3 histidine).

HLA-B,15:01:39 has one synonymous nucleotide change from HLA-B,15:01:01:01 at nucleotide 117 (residue 15 Proline).

HLA-B,52:01:24 has one synonymous nucleotide change from HLA-B,52:01:01:01 at nucleotide 384 (codon 104 Glycine).

HLA-B,46:01:08 has one synonymous nucleotide change from HLA-B,46:01:01 at nucleotide 801 (codon 243 Lysine).

HLA-B,51:01:41 has one synonymous nucleotide change from HLA-B,51:01:01:01 at nucleotide 216 (codon 48 arginine).

This allele shows that the sequences of exons 1-3 of HLA-Cw,0348 are identical to those of HLA-Cw,030401 except for a nucleotide substitution that changes CCG to CTG at codon 57, resulting in an amino acid change from Pro to Leu in the protein, and this is a unique nucleotide change among the HLA-C alleles, suggesting a point mutation mechanism.

HLA-C expression was linked to changes in NK subset distribution and licensing, particularly in HLA-C1/C1, KIR2DL3+2DL2-individuals.

Mixed tumor-lymphocyte cultures carried out with different allogeneic HLA-A2-matched melanoma lines as stimulators and targets revealed an increase in the MHC-unrestricted, but no changes in the MHC-restricted, cytotoxicity in peripheral blood lymphocytes (PBL) obtained after vaccination as compared with those obtained before vaccination.

Surprisingly, a low-complexity region between the signal peptide sequence and the Ig-like domain of US11, was necessary to form a stable interaction with assembled MHC-I and, moreover, this region was also responsible for changing the pool of HLA-B ligands.

Analysis of the X-ray structures of the two peptides bound to HLA-B,15:01 reveals drastically different conformations with measurable changes in the stability of the protein complexes, while the self-epitope is excluded from binding due to steric hindrance in the MHC groove.

When correlated with the known structure of the HLA-B27 subtypes, these results demonstrate the critical relevance of amino acid changes within residues 77-81 and at position 152 in modulating allospecific CTL recognition of HLA-B27.

Abacavir binds with exquisite specificity to HLA-B,57:01 changing the shape and chemistry of the antigen-binding cleft, thereby altering the repertoire of endogenous peptides that can bind HLA-B,57:01.

MICA(∗) 78 shows an uncommon variation at a highly conserved nucleotide position (nt 493, G → A), resulting in one amino acid change at codon 142 (V → I) of MICA gene (compared to MICA(∗) 2 : 1), located in the α2-domain, in which V142 is the common residue.

Intriguingly, cancer-associated\240\somatic mutations in HLA-A2 that may restrict these conformational changes suppressed TCR-pMHC catch bonds.

Using a new molecular tool in the form of recombinant Abs endowed with Ag-specific MHC-restricted specificity of T cells, we show that changes in the identity of anchor residues may have significant effects, such as altering the conformation of the peptide-MHC complex, and as a consequence, may affect the TCR-contacting residues.

Although there is X-ray crystallographic evidence that the interaction between major histocompatibility complex (MHC, in humans HLA) class I molecules and T cell receptors (TCR) or killer cell Ig-like receptors (KIR) may be accompanied by considerable changes in the conformation of selected residues or even entire loops within TCR or KIR, conformational changes between receptor-bound and-unbound MHC class I molecules of comparable magnitude have not been observed so far.

Here, we compare the X-ray structure of HLA-A1:MAGE-A1 with that complexed with Fab-Hyb3 to gain insight into structural changes of the MHC molecule that might be induced by the interaction with the antibody fragment.

In this study the topology of HLA-B27 recognition by an alloreactive TCR, 64.8 P, has been analyzed with a panel of site-specific mutants that have changes at multiple positions along the peptide binding site of HLA-B27.

In addition to cross-recognition of several variant epitopes, promiscuous recognition of exogenous peptides complexed to allogeneic HLA-B molecules occurs, showing that the TCR can tolerate amino acid changes on both the peptide and the MHC molecule.

Since previous studies showed that some HLA-B51 alloreactive CTL clones failed to kill the cells expressing HLA-B,5102 or HLA-B,5103, these results imply that the structural change of the A-pocket among HLA-B51 subtypes causes a critical conformational change of the epitope for TCR recognition rather than influences the interaction between peptides and MHC class I molecules.

We investigated whether infection of human HLA-B27+ cells is able to change the peptide repertoire presented by these HLA-B27 molecules.

The modulation of KIR-MHC class I interactions by viral peptides has important implications to pathogenesis, since it suggests that the immunodeficiency viruses, and potentially other types of viruses and tumors, may acquire changes in epitopes that increase the affinity of certain MHC class I ligands for inhibitory KIRs to prevent the activation of specific NK cell subsets.

Since these positions of amino acid are in the peptide binding grooves of HLA-B protein changes of peptide-binding in MHC class I seem to play a critical role on susceptibility to TAK.

We also provide in-depth analysis of the nature of MHC/HLA class I changes during metastatic colonization and contribute evidence of the enormous diversity of MHC/HLA class I phenotypes that can be produced by tumour cells during this process.

At the molecular level, cross-bridge kinetics were slower in MHC IIA fibers with infection, while changes in MHC IIB fibers were largely absent.

To evaluate MHC class I expression on papillary thyroid cancer (PTC) and analyze changes in MHC expression and associated immune activation with current and experimental treatments for thyroid cancer using in vitro PTC cell lines.

To screen the possible HLA-A,0201 restricted low-affinity CTL epitopes derived from HIV-1 pol antigen and to predict and identify the possible change of the affinity between epitope and the HLA-A,0201 molecule when the epitope is modified.

Changes in MHC mRNA levels were correlated with changes in alpha- and beta-MHC proteins and changes in myofibrillar ATPase activity.

One such role is the interaction between CD8 and a conserved region of class I MHC, as suggested by the finding that holding the total MHC concentration constant with an irrelevant class I MHC molecule (H-2Kb engineered to have the same alpha 3 domain as H-2Dd) made the T cell response less sensitive to the change in concentration of the relevant MHC molecule (H-2Dd).

The largest effect was seen with Sry3, which increased activity of angiotensinogen promoter by 1.7-fold, renin promoter by 1.3-fold, ACE promoter by 2.6-fold and decreased activity of ACE2 promoter by 0.5-fold.

Treatment with TDF, ddl (400 mg/day) and NVP for 14 months produced significant decreases in mitochondrial parameters and CD4+ T-cell counts.

Regimens including ddI plus TDF showed significant decreases in CD4 cell counts with adjustments by type of HAART, reason for change, and duration of suppressed viral load.

The combination of didanosine (ddI) and tenofovir (TDF) has potential advantages, but because of several pitfalls (unexpected decreases in CD4+ T cells, increased risk of pancreatitis) its use has been questioned.

The first case, a 16-year-old African American male with an absolute CD4+ cell count of 314 cells/mm(3), presented with an abrupt rise in serum creatinine leading to irreversible renal failure while on TDF-containing highly active antiretroviral therapy (HAART).

We have previously shown that hyperactivation of the Janus-activated kinase 2/signal transducers and activators of transcription 3 (JAK2/STAT3) induced by tumor-derived factors (TDF) is responsible for abnormal dendritic cell differentiation.

In addition, we have previously demonstrated that hyperactivation of the Jak2/STAT3 pathway induced by tumor-derived factors (TDF) may be responsible for abnormal DC differentiation in cancer.

Zeb1 expression was further increased in the CD4+CD8+ double-positive (DP) stage before decreasing in more mature T cell subsets.

We herein show that inhibition of cathepsin S (CatS) activity, either through genetic deletion or via a pharmacological inhibitor, Z-Phe-Leu-COCHO (Z-FL), significantly attenuated the maintenance of tactile allodynia, splenic hypertrophy increased number of splenic CD4(+) T-cells and the final cleavage step of the MHC class II-associated invariant chain following peripheral nerve injury.

The results showed that this mutation did not influence the HLA-A2-restricted antigen presentation while it drastically affected the HLA-B27-restricted presentation with, however, remarkable differences between B,2705 and B,2709.

In contrast, HLA-C is not affected by Nef and a growing number of studies demonstrate an important role of HLA-C for the control of HIV-1.

This residue is located in the alpha helix of the HLA-C alpha2 domain and may have the potential to affect the binding of HLA-C molecules with antigenic peptides and/or the interactions with the T cell receptor.

Polymorphisms in the genes killer cell immunoglobulin-like receptor 3 DLI (KIR3DL1)/KIR3DS1, human leucocyte antigen B (HLA-B) and HLA Complex P5 (HCP5), and a polymorphism affecting HLA-C surface expression were analysed in 130 Swiss HIV Cohort Study patients undergoing STI.

The analysis showed that HLA-A2-status does not affect disease-free survival, regardless of HER2 expression suggesting that HLA-A2 negative patients can be used as control patients.

The alterations in the nature and affinity of HLA-B,51·peptide complexes probably affect T-cell and natural killer cell recognition, providing a sound basis for the joint association of ERAP1 and HLA-B,51 with BD.

Most recently, control of HLA-C surface expression has been correlated with the presence of microRNA binding sites that affect HLA-C expression and control of HIV disease.

We proposed that the-35 SNP is not the causal variant for differential HLA-C expression, but rather is marking another polymorphism that directly affects levels of HLA-C.

In this study, we have demonstrated that trophoblast expresses both paternally and maternally inherited HLA-C surface proteins and that maternal KIR AA frequencies are increased in affected pregnancies only when the fetus has more group 2 HLA-C genes (C2) than the mother.

KIR-HLA-C interactions are affected by peptides presented by HLA-C.

Furthermore, soluble HLA-G1, which induces the deletion of CD8(+) T-cells, and the combination of maternal killer-immunoglobulin-like receptors (KIR) on NK cells and fetal HLA-C, which affects the balance between inhibition and activation signals of NK cells, regulatory CD8(+) T cells, and regulatory NK cells, may play very important roles in the induction of MHC class I-specific tolerance.

In conclusion, the MICA-129Met/Val dimorphism affects the expression density of MICA on the plasma membrane.

The results show that a panel of CD8+ CTL that are specific for the hapten DNP bound to two different peptides presented by HLA-A2 do the following: 1) show stringent MHC restriction, and 2) are largely affected by the same mutations on the HLA-A2 molecule that affected recognition by peptide-specific CTL.

In APCs, we show that HIV Nef disrupts cross-presentation by MHC-I containing the tyrosine signal but does not affect cross-presentation by MHC-I containing the HLA-C cytoplasmic tail.

These results underscore the key role of HLA-B in affecting HIV-1 replication, likely through the molecular interaction between HLA-B and viral peptides presented by infected cells, and suggest that sites outside the peptide-binding pocket also influence HIV-1 control.

The SNP HLA-C-35 kb (rs9264942) may contribute to the host immune defense mechanism by affecting the cell surface expression pattern of HLA-C and antigen presentation to CD8+ cytotoxic cells.

Shed soluble MICA (sMICA) is also present in plasma of MICAgen mice but affects neither surface NKG2D expression of circulating NK cells nor their functional recognition of MICA-expressing tumor cells.

Natural killer cell apoptosis seemed to be preferentially triggered by cancer cells because HLA-A0201(+) NK cells were only marginally affected by allogeneic HLA-A0201(-) peripheral blood mononuclear cells.

We found that propionic acid secreted from propionibacteria induces expression of the NKG2D ligands MICA/B on activated T lymphocytes and different cancer cells, without affecting MICA/B expression on resting peripheral blood cells.

In contrast, compounds with histone deacetylase-inhibitory activity such as butyrate and FR901228 stimulated MICA/B expression through a pathway that was not affected by inhibition of glycolysis, clearly suggesting that MICA/B is regulated through different molecular mechanisms.

Further, patients carrying both antibodies (MICA+/HLA+) were the worst affected and showed significantly poor graft survival as compared to the MICA-/HLA- group (17 % vs 89 %, chi(2) = 19.63, p = 0.0).

We observed that MICA6 and MICA9 are transmitted to affected offspring less frequently than expected, and MICA5.

Donor or recipient anti-MICA antibody positivity does not seem to significantly affect the incidence of AR or renal function recovery early after transplantation to justify the necessity of monitoring donor anti-MICA antibodies.

Moreover, MICA,008 is not affected by viral immune evasion mechanisms that target other MICA alleles.

Three novel loci in the MHC may affect susceptibility to cervical cancer in situ, including the MICA-A5.

In this study, we sought to study MICA/B expression in pancreatic cancer and to determine whether and how genotoxic drugs such as gemcitabine can affect MICA/B expression and natural killer cytotoxity.

1 and MICA-129) that may affect MICA expression and function on graft EC.

The findings of this meta-analysis suggest that the rs2596542 variant in the MICA promoter region may affect MICA and soluble MICA (sMICA) protein expression, thereby influencing physiological vulnerability to HCC cells and the development of HCC.

Hypothesizing that functional polymorphisms of the MICA/NKG2D axis might affect antiviral NK and T cell responses to CMV, we explored the association of the MICA-129 Met/Val single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) (affecting the binding affinity of MICA with the NKG2D receptor), the MICA rs2596538 G/A SNP (influencing MICA transcription), and the NKG2D rs1049174 G/C SNP (determining the cytotoxic potential of effector cells) with the clinical outcome of CMV during the first year after KTx in a cohort of 181 kidney donor-recipients pairs.

We addressed whether the genetic polymorphisms in the MICA-129 alleles could affect MICA release during MM progression.

MICA-129 polymorphism affects the binding affinity of MICA molecules with the NKG2D receptor and influences effector cell function.

The aim of this study was to investigate the role of ADAM15 in MHC class I polypeptide-related sequence B (MICB) protein ectodomain shedding and observe whether or not gemcitabine affects MICB shedding from PANC-1 cells.

We use surface plasmon resonance to determine that point mutation of the alpha3 loop of HLA A2 abrogates the CD8/pMHC interaction without affecting the affinity of the T cell receptor/pMHC interaction.

The phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase inhibitor, LY294002, previously reported to inhibit Nef-mediated MHC-I downmodulation in astrocytic cells, did not directly affect Nef\s ability to block transport of MHC-I to the cell surface in T cells.

The results suggest that the degree of MHC matching still affect the rejection in xenotransplantation, but the present serum assay of MHC matching is not fit for pig.

We present evidence that HIV-1 selectively downregulates HLA-A and HLA-B but does not significantly affect HLA-C or HLA-E.

Virus-induced class I MHC down-regulation did not affect the intracellular pool of HLA-A2/pp65 complexes.

The presence of HLA-B27 in patients affected with ankylosing spondylitis (AS) was well established prior to the advent of DNA typing of various genes within the major histocompatibility complex (MHC) in humans.

DX9 monoclonal antibody (mAb) specifically inhibits the interaction between NK cell clones and B-LCL targets transfected with certain HLA-B alleles, but does not affect recognition of HLA-A or HLA-C antigens.

Cysteine exposure in the HLA-B27 heavy chain is also affected by residues within the 114 and 116 regions, thereby providing a potential biochemical basis for the association of HLA-B27 subtypes with AS.

The results of our experiments led us to conclude that (1) association with beta2m is not necessary for the exposure of HLA-C on the surface of activated T lymphocytes and (2) cell activation affects the balance between the two conformational forms of HLA-C.

However, binding of HLA-C molecule by p58 KIR is affected by the antigenic peptide bound on the MHC molecule, suggesting that the p58 KIR binding to the HLA-C molecule may be dependent on the peptide.

Here, we use computer simulations to investigate how simple mating rules favouring MHC-dissimilar partners affect the evolution of the number of MHC variants in individual genomes, accompanying selection for resistance to parasites.

MHC-I and MHC-II affect antibody isotype switching, since both PIV-vaccinated B2m KO and MHC-II KO mice produced less Coxiella-specific IgG than PIV-vaccinated WT mice.

Rather, MHC I recycling is reduced by loss of UCH-L1, which affects the colocalization of intracellular MHC I with late endosomal/lysosomal compartments necessary for cross-presentation of Ag.

The results showed that the complementary-determining region 3 (CDR3) of Nb37 embedded itself in the opening generated by the major histocompatibility complex (MHC) and T-cell receptor- (TcR) binding sites of SEB, indicating that Nb37 may affect the recognition of SEB by MHC class Ⅱ molecules and the TcR.

We demonstrated that 15 PGJ2 inhibited the IFNgamma-mediated induction of MHC class II on RPE cells without affecting the level of MHC class I and CD54 expression.

However, peptide immunization experiments have shown that approximately half of MHC class I-binding peptides cannot elicit a T cell response, indicating the importance of analyzing the variables affecting the immunogenicity of MHC-binding peptides.

Genetic variation in the major histocompatibility complex (MHC) affects CD4∶CD8 lineage commitment and MHC expression.

The number of MHC-I molecules was significantly higher in HIV-1 virions produced in the absence of Nef than in wild-type virions, indicating that Nef affects the incorporation of MHC-I molecules into virions.

x AHs contain deletions of the central major histocompatibility complex (MHC) genes, we suggest that the genes affecting HIV infection and progression are within the central MHC region.

Whereas escape mutations that affect MHC binding are typically no longer under selection pressure in the next host of the virus (as hosts differ in their MHC alleles), escape mutations that affect the antigen processing of epitope precursors prevent the use of those epitope precursors by any of the MHC alleles in a host population.

We find that mutations which impair binding to HLA-A molecules tend to have lower in vitro replicative fitness than mutations which do not impair binding to HLA-A molecules, suggesting that HLA-A escape mutations carry higher fitness costs than non-escape mutations.

We argue that the association between fitness and HLA-A binding impairment is probably due to an intrinsic cost of escape from HLA-A molecules, and these costs are particularly strong for HLA-A alleles associated with efficient virus control.

Three of four HLA-A,2402 tetramers bound one or more KIR3DL1 allotypes and all four KIR3DL1 allotypes bound to one or more HLA-A,2402 tetramers, but with different binding specificities.

Epitope 41-48EVYDFAFR for HLA-A,33:03 (0.1) for E6 has best binding affinity, as well as HLA,02:01 and HLA-B,40:01 (0.2) for E7.

Our results indicated that BH2 preferably binds to molecules of HLA-B and-C rather than HLA-A and the binding site is located within the α2 domain of HLA-B27 HC.

We observed that known HLA-C binding peptides increase HLA-C surface expression on T2-cells and on HLA-C,0102 and HLA-C,0702 homozygous B-LCL.

Collectively, our data expand our understanding of longer epitopes in the context of HLA-I, highlighting that they are not limited to the HLA-B family, but can bind the ubiquitous HLA-A,02:01 molecule, and play an important role in T-cell immunity.

Here we describe the comprehensive analysis of endogenous HLA-C,04:01 ligands expressed on the surface of C1R cells to (i) define a large sequence dataset of HLA-C,04:01 ligands, to (ii) refine the HLA-C,04:01 peptide-binding motif and (iii) to provide a resource that allows discrimination between peptides bound to introduced HLA class I subtypes and to the endogenous HLA-C,04:01 molecules.

We find that in most HLA-A and HLA-B pairs have fairly distinct binding motifs, and that the observed haplotypes do not contain HLA-A and-B molecules with more distinct binding motifs than random HLA-A and HLA-B pairs.

These trans-spliced peptides display canonical HLA-binding sequence features and are as frequently identified as cis-spliced peptides found bound to a number of different HLA-A and HLA-B allotypes.

We hypothesized that the expression of HLA-C is limited by the quantity of high affinity peptides which bind to these molecules, thus allowing only a small fraction of HLA-C molecules to be transported and/or to remain stable on the cell surface.

PAJ (HLA-Cw3+) cells bound approximately two times more of the peptide than HAJ (HLA-Cw3-), and four times more than 500/C9 (HLA-Cw3-) cells.

Our data show that the HLA-C molecules tested are more selective in their peptide binding than HLA-A and HLA-B molecules, resulting in prolonged association with TAP and a reduced formation of intracellular HLA-C/peptide complexes.

Truncated soluble forms of the HLA-B,5101-specific p70 KIR, including one with two immunoglobulin (Ig) domains reactive with a monoclonal antibody that blocks p70 KIR function, did not bind to HLA-B,5101, indicating that all three Ig domains are required for binding.

From studies of chimeric genes spliced from the HLA-B7 and-Cw3 genes, we find that chimeric proteins containing the B7 peptide-binding groove can have low cell surface expression, suggesting that inefficiency in binding peptides is not the cause of low cell surface expression for HLA-C.

HLA-B,53 has similar, but not necessarily identical binding specificity to some HLA-B,35 subtypes (B,35-Px group).

The crystal structure of the KIR2DS2-HLA-A,11:01 complex was solved at 2.5-Å resolution and revealed residue-binding characteristics distinct from those of inhibitory KIRs with HLA-C and the critical role of residues Tyr45 and Asp72 in shaping binding specificity to HLA-A,11:01.

To evaluate the specificity of this recognition, synthetic versions of 14 endogenous ligands of HLA-B,2705 were tested for their ability to provide protection from NK-mediated lysis by binding to surface HLA-B,2705 molecules on RMA-S cells deficient in the transporter for Ag presentation.

Differential expression of human leukocyte antigen C (HLA-C) allotypes is mediated by the binding of a microRNA, miR-148a, to the 3 \ untranslated region of some, but not all, HLA-C alleles.

The alternative set of HLA-C alleles has several substitutions in the miR-148a binding site that prevent binding and HLA-C downregulation.

In contrast point mutations in the D1 and D2 domains of KIR3DL1, made from knowledge of KIR2D:HLA-C interactions, disrupted binding to Bw4(+) HLA-B.

We demonstrate that primary predisposition to cutaneous NVP HSR, seen across ancestral groups, can be attributed to a cluster of HLA-C alleles sharing a common binding groove F pocket with HLA-C,04:01.

Seventy-eight nonameric peptides that are predicted to be loaded by HLA-A,0201 molecule were generated and their binding capacity to HLA-A2 was evaluated.

In summary, this report provides the first evidence of a positive association between HLA-B,15:21 and CBZ-SJS and the first in silico analysis of CBZ binding sites and details of the molecular behaviour of HLA-B75 molecule to explain its molecular action.

Combined with its requirement for HLA-B,51, these data suggest that a hypoactive ERAP1 allotype contributes to Behçet\s disease risk by altering the peptides available for binding to HLA-B,51.

We utilized K means cluster analysis to group peptides with similar allelic binding preferences across the eight HLA-B27 allotypes, which enabled us to identify the most-stringent binding characteristics for each HLA-B27 allotype and further refined their existing consensus-binding motifs.

In Sardinia, the prevalence of HLA-B,2709, which differs from the strongly AS-associated B,2705 prototype for one amino acid (His/Asp116) in the F pocket of the peptide binding groove, is around 20 % of all HLA-B27 alleles.

In conclusion, two peptides that had high affinity to HLA-B,51:01 in computerized binding prediction showed significantly higher response in HLA-B,51:01-positive patients with BD, indicating the usefulness of computerized simulations for identifying autoreactive peptides to HLAs.

The aim of this study was to assess the consequence of sequence variations in HLA-C03:04-presented HIV-1 p24 Gag epitopes on binding of the inhibitory natural killer (NK) cell receptor KIR2DL2 to HLA-C03:04.

We demonstrate that a MIR148A insertion/deletion polymorphism associates with its own expression levels, affecting the extent to which HLA-C is down-regulated, the level of HIV control, and the risk of Crohn disease only among those carrying an intact miR-148a binding site in the HLA-C 3 \ UTR.

Our results show that the majority of HIV-1 p24 Gag peptides stabilizing HLA-Cw,0102 do not allow for binding of KIR2DL2, but identified one HLA-Cw,0102-presented peptide (p24 Gag₂₀₉₋₂₁₈) that was recognized by the inhibitory NK cell receptor KIR2DL2 leading to functional inhibition of KIR2DL2-expressing NK cells.

Here we show that variation within the 3 \ untranslated region (UTR) of HLA-C regulates binding of the microRNA hsa-miR-148 to its target site, resulting in relatively low surface expression of alleles that bind this microRNA and high expression of HLA-C alleles that escape post-transcriptional regulation.

Specifically, we show that variation in exons 2 and 3, which encode the α1/α2 domains, drives differential expression of HLA-C allomorphs at the cell surface by influencing the structure of the peptide-binding cleft and the diversity of peptides bound by the HLA-C molecules.

The goal of this study was to determine the extent to which the endogenous HLA-C peptide repertoire can influence the specific binding of inhibitory KIR to HLA-C allotypes.

The impact of HLA-C bound peptide on inhibitory KIR binding was investigated taking advantage of the fact that HLA-C,05:01 (HLA-C group 2, C2) and HLA-C,08:02 (HLA-C group 1, C1) have identical sequences apart from the key KIR specificity determining epitope at residues 77 and 80.

Endogenous peptides were eluted from HLA-C,05:01 and used to test the peptide dependence of KIR2DL1 and KIR2DL2/3 binding to HLA-C,05:01 and HLA-C,08:02 and subsequent impact on NK cell function.

We also set out to determine whether surface expression of recipient HLA-C, determined by polymorphism in a microRNA (miR-148a/b) binding site within the 3 \-region of the HLA-C transcript, was associated with transplant outcomes.

Transporter for antigen presentation-deficient 722.221 cells stably transfected with HLA-C∗03:04 were used to screen 200 overlapping peptides, covering the non-structural protein 3 (NS3) and core protein of HCV genotype 1, for their ability to bind and stabilize HLA-C∗03:04.

One sequence polymorphism at position 303 of p24 Gag (TGag303V), selected for in infected individuals with both KIR2DL3 and HLA-C,03:04, enabled significantly better binding of the inhibitory KIR2DL3 receptor to HLA-C,03:04-expressing cells presenting this variant epitope compared to the wild-type epitope (wild-type mean 18.01 ± 10.45 standard deviation [ SD] and variant mean 44.67 ± 14.42 SD, p = 0.002).

HLA-C functions by presenting antigens to T cells and by binding activatory and inhibitory receptors on natural killer (NK) cells, but the exact mechanisms by which the HLA-C locus contributes to autoimmunity are largely undefined.

A high frequency of KIR2DL1 with strong HLA-C2 binding capacity and a low frequency of HLA-C2 and KIR haplotype B are characteristic of the Japanese population.

The frequency of PR3-specific CD8(+) T cells stimulated with a preferentially HLA-A,0201 binding PR3-peptide sequence was higher compared to the frequency of T cells stimulated with a HLA-B,0702 binding PR3-peptide in one WG patient whose HLA type was known (A2B7).

In this study, the T-cell repertoire to an immunodominant human leukocyte antigen A2 (HLA-A2) binding peptide epitope of HER-2/neu, p369-377, was examined in a patient following immunization with a peptide-based vaccine consisting of helper peptides encompassing HLA-A2 peptide epitopes.

In addition, three other hCG beta-derived peptides that exhibited HLA-A,0201 binding ability were able to stimulate CD8+ cytotoxic T cells from two HLA-A,0201 donors.

Three peptides had been identified with high binding scores for HLA-A03 supertypes using bioinformatic algorhythms, high measured binding affinity for HLA-A03 supertype molecules, and ability to elicit IFN-γ production by human HLA-A03 supertype peripheral blood CD8+ T cells from seropositive but not seronegative persons.

Five hundred forty-four peptides bound to all three MHC class II molecules, 609 bound to only two, and 756 bound to only a single MHC class II molecule.

Both CD8(+) T-cells and CD4(+) T-cells transduced with the HLA-A2-restricted TARP-TCR could readily be detected by multimer analysis, indicating that the binding is rather strong, since binding occured also without\240\the CD8 co-receptor of HLA-A2.

Immunization of transgenic HLA-A,02:01/HLA-DRB1,01:01 mice with four of these double binding peptides gave rise to both HLA class I and class II restricted responses by CD8 and CD4 T cells, respectively, whereas four of the double binding peptides did result in HLA-A,02:01 restricted responses only.

As judged from HLA-typing results and using bioinformatics technology for prediction of MHC binding affinity, we found that the epitope-specific CD8(+) T cells are all restricted by HLA-B alleles.

Recently, 2 T gondii-specific HLA-B,0702-restricted T cell epitopes, GRA7(20-28) (LPQFATAAT) and GRA3(27-35) (VPFVVFLVA), displayed high-affinity binding to HLA-B,0702 and elicited IFN-γ from peripheral blood mononuclear cells of seropositive HLA-B,07 persons.

ERAP1 activity determines surface expression of HLA-B27 FHCs and potentially promotes Th17 responses in AS through binding of HLA-B27 FHCs to KIR3DL2.

SEC2, a major histocompatibility complex class II (MHC II)-dependent T-cell mitogen binds MHC II and T-cell receptor (TCR) Vβs to induce effective co-stimulating signals for clonal T-cell expansion.

The potency of MHC class I-related chain-NKG2D in stimulating these anti-viral immune responses may be countered by a CMV-encoded transmembrane glycoprotein, UL16, which specifically binds MICB as well as two of the UL16-binding proteins that are ligands of NKG2D.

A candidate for the antigenic MICA peptide was selected based on its predicted binding affinity for HLA-B51 and proteasomal cleavage sites.

Hence, we conclude that NF-kappaB regulates MICA expression on activated T lymphocytes and HeLa tumor cells, by binding to a specific sequence in the long intron 1 of the MICA gene.

We conclude that E2 upon forming a complex with its cognate receptor suppresses MICB expression through binding with SP1/SP3 sites within the MICB promoter GC box.

Thirteen potential HLA-A,0201 epitopes were predicted by a major histocompatibility complex binding algorithm (SYFPEITHI) and a proteasome cleavage algorithm (PAProC) and screened for recognition by T cells from HLA-A,02-positive cancer patients using intracellular cytokine cytometry.

This work aims to study the effect of dbeta2m on peptide binding to MHC-I, the influence of dbeta2m on the binding of beta2m to the MHC-I heavy chain and the biological activity of dbeta2m.

In addition, only beta2m is able to restore MHC-I/peptide complex formation on acid-treated cells whereas dbeta2m appears to bind preferentially to denatured MHC-I heavy chains.

In contrast to our expectations, HLA-B alleles were found to have a less diverse peptide repertoire, which points toward a more restricted binding motif, and the respective average peptide binding affinity was shown to be lower than that of HLA-A-restricted epitopes.

Intriguingly, an HLA-Cw4 tetramer folded with the \ escape\ variant SL9 could bind to KIR2DL1 on NK cell lines with higher affinity than HLA-Cw4-SF9.

HLA-A,0201-binding motifs were selected using HLA peptide binding prediction algorithms and stabilization of HLA-A,0201 was verified using TAP-deficient T2 cells.

Via reverse immunology, five potential HLA-A2-restricted T cell epitopes were identified, of which two (Ebp1(45-54) and Ebp1(59-67)) bound HLA-A2 with intermediate and high affinity, respectively.

The HLA-A,1101-GPI tetramers could bind to virus-specific CD8+ T cells, suggesting soluble HLA-A,1101-GPI tetramers were biologically functional.

Anti-mp30 specific T cells generated in HLA-A,0201 transgenic mice were dependent on TCR-CD8/MHC-I alpha3 binding and therefore not capable of recognizing mp30-pulsed human HLA-A,0201(+) cells or murine HLA-A,0201 transfectants.

In this study, we examined whether or not these peptides can induce cytotoxic T lymphocytes (CTLs) in HLA-A11+ or HLA-A31+ epithelial cancer patients because the HLA-A11, HLA-A31, and HLA-A33 alleles share binding motifs as an HLA-A3 supertype family, which is widely distributed in many ethnic populations.

Thirteen of the 15 peptides exhibited high or medium binding affinities for HLA-A,0201 molecules, indicating that the high binding affinity for MHC class I molecules is an important factor for immunogenicity.

trachomatis-specific HLA-A2 peptide tetramers were able to bind T cells with receptors from subjects which were restricted by either the HLA-A2 or the HLA-A28 restriction element.

On the basis of this analysis, 18 individual HLA-A2 mutants were generated and the ability of full-length US2 to bind wild-type and mutated HLA-A2 complexes was assessed.

The structural comparison of all known crystal structures of HLA-A2 either alone, or in complex with T cell receptor or the CD8 co-receptor, indicates that binding of US2 to HLA-A2 results in a unique, large conformational change of the side chain of Arg181.

However, although the presence of Arg181 seems to be a prerequisite for US2 binding to HLA-A2, it is not sufficient for binding to all MHC class I alleles.

The HLA-A11, HLA-A31, and HLA-A33 alleles share binding motifs and belong to an HLA-A3 supertype family.

Scanning of HIV-1 clade B SF2 strain proteins for the presence of peptides containing HLA-A,3101-binding motifs revealed 88 nine- to 11-mer peptides that had been synthesized and assayed for binding to HLA-A,3101 molecules.

Peptide-specific allorecognition was examined using tetramers of HLA-A,0201 representing five peptides derived from ubiquitously expressed self-proteins that are known to bind endogenously to HLA-A,0201.

Flow cytometry revealed that these tetramers could specifically bind to CD8(+) T cells from a HLA-A2(+) donor, but failed to bind to those from a HLA-A2- donor.

To identify HLA-A24-restricted T-cell epitopes of Livin/ML-IAP, eight peptides were selected from the amino acid sequence of this protein and screened for their binding affinity to HLA-A24.

Mutations of the coding region of the HLA-A2 binding Melan-A26-35 peptide or down-regulation of the MHC class I heavy chain, the antigenic peptide TAP, and tapasin could be excluded.

Peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) were stimulated in vitro with each of three different PSCA-derived peptides, which were prepared based on the HLA-A24 binding motif, and their peptide-specific and HLA-A24-restricted anti-tumor responses were examined.

The HLA-A11,-A31, and-A33 alleles share similar binding motifs with HLA-A3 and-A68 alleles, and, thus, are classified as an HLA-A3 supertype.

Peptides bearing the HLA-A,0201-specific anchor motifs were analyzed for their capacity to bind and stabilize the HLA-A,0201 molecules.

In this study we used soluble peptides-MHC class I (pMHC) multimeric complexes bearing mutations in the CD8 binding site that impair their binding to the MHC, together with altered peptide ligands, to assess the impact of CD8 on pMHC binding to the TCR.

The five lowest energy peptide sequences and five other low energy sequences re-ranked on the basis of their similarity to peptides known to bind the same MHC allele are chemically synthesized and tested for their ability to bind and form stable complexes with the HLA-A2 molecule.

To study the specific CD8(+) T cell response to HLA-A2 binding peptide Flu p58-66 from HLA-A2-positive hepatocellular carcinoma patients and healthy donors.

Although the major histocompatibility complex (MHC) is very polymorphic, several alleles of HLA loci share key residues at anchor positions in the peptide binding pockets such that similar peptides may be presented by different MHC molecules encoded by the same locus.

Likewise, using bioinformatic tools in silico, we identified CD8 T-cell specificity or reactivity against HLA-A,02:01 binding peptides wt p53(65-73), wt p53(187-197), and wt p53(264-272) in breast cancer patients and against HLA-A,01:01 binding peptide wt p53(226-234) and HLA-B,07:02 binding peptide wt p53(74-82) in renal cell cancer and breast cancer patients, respectively.

HLA-A2-restricted epitopes were identified based on their in vitro binding affinity for HLA-A2 and by the ability of a genetic vaccine to elicit peptide-specific CTL in A2/DR1 (HLA-A2.

This method utilizes the information from both the crystal structures and experimental affinities of various peptides bound with HLA-A,0201 to construct a single-position mutation free energy profile for accurately characterizing HLA-A,0201-peptide interaction and for effectively predicting the binding affinities of peptides to HLA-A,0201.

We employ this method to analyze physicochemical properties and structural implication underlying the specific recognition and association between the HLA-A,0201 and a large panel of peptide segments generated from the herpes simplex virus type 1 (HSV-1) genome, and to evaluate the binding potencies of these peptide candidates to HLA-A,0201.

Two epitope prediction databases (SYFPEITHI and ProPred-I) were used to predict HLA-A,0201 restricted MUC4 epitope, T2 cell assay was used to determine the peptide binding affinity with HLA-A,0201 molecule.

Specific amino acids in the HLA-B peptide binding groove, as well as an independent HLA-C effect, explain the SNP associations and reconcile both protective and risk HLA alleles.

In this report we demonstrate an HLA-A,0201 restricted CMV-specific CD8 T-cell response (designated YVL) that represents several percent of the CD8 T-cell subset, yet fails to bind tetrameric major histocompatibility complex (MHC) ligands.

We were able to identify a panel of HLA-A,0201-restricted peptides derived from the same region of the glycoprotein precursor (GPC) of LASV (GPC spanning residues 441 to 449 [ GPC(441-449) ]), LCMV (GPC(447-455)), JUNV (GPC(429-437)), MACV (GPC(444-452)), GTOV (GPC(427-435)), and WWAV (GPC(428-436)) that displayed high-affinity binding to HLA-A,0201 and were recognized by CD8(+) T cells in a cross-reactive manner following LCMV infection or peptide immunization of HLA-A,0201 transgenic mice.

One peptide, GPC-3522-530 FLAELAYDL, fulfilled our criteria as a naturally processed, HLA-A2-restricted cytotoxic T lymphocyte (CTL) epitope: i) it showed high affinity binding to HLA-A2, in T2 cell binding assay.

To precisely assess the relationship between TCR-peptide-MHC binding parameters and T cell function, we tested a panel of sequence-optimized HLA-A(,) 201/NY-ESO-1(157-165)-specific TCR variants with affinities lying within physiological boundaries to preserve antigenic specificity and avoid cross-reactivity, as well as two outliers (i.

Three peptides with HLA-A2-binding activity could bind the HLA-A,2601 molecule.

These findings demonstrate the need to evaluate MHC binding and T cell recognition of Cys-containing peptides under conditions that prevent Cys oxidation, and to adjust current prediction binding algorithms for HLA-A,02:01 and potentially additional class I alleles to more accurately rank peptides containing Cys anchor residues.

While the HLA-A,02:01 binding BRAF wildtype peptide KIGDFGLATV was traced in peptides isolated from all five cell lines expressing this HLA subtype, KIGDFGLATEK was not detected in the HLA class I peptidomes of two distinct BRAF V600E transduced cell lines with confirmed expression of HLA-A,03:01 or HLA-A,11:01.

Based on the HLA phenotype of the patients, we used NetMHC software to predict the neoantigen epitopes with high binding affinity to their MHC-I molecules.

Based on MHC class I peptide predictions, a number of peptides derived from mutant CALR (mCALR) were predicted to bind to HLA-A,03:01 and HLA-B,07:02.

Subsequent determination of the X-ray structure of an HLA-A,01:01 bound neoepitope validates atomic features seen in our Rosetta models with respect to key residues relevant for MHC stability and T cell receptor recognition.

1/K(b) transgenic (Tg) mice, we found that the overall structure of the peptide FA9/HLA-A,0201 complex displayed a typical MHC class I fold with Val2 and Ala9 as primary anchor residues and Val3 and Leu7 as secondary anchor residues that allow peptide FA9 to bind tightly with an HLA-A,0201 molecule.

Using recombinant MHC-I molecules, we show that TAPBPR binds HLA-A,02:01 and several other MHC-I molecules that are either peptide-free or loaded with low-affinity peptides.

We screened HLA-A2-restricted T cell candidate peptides of ZnT8 with different methods including computer algorithms, MHC-peptide binding and dissociation assays in T2 cell line, identification in HLA-A2 transgenic (Tg) mice and in vivo CTL assays.

These Abs had the same specificity as HLA-A,0201/IMP(58-66)-specific cytotoxic T cells and bound neither to HLA-A,0201 nor the peptide alone.

These Abs were not cross-reactive to other self-MHC class I alleles displaying IMP(58-66), but bound to MHC class I complexes of an HLA nonidentical offspring.

Using peptide-MHC binding algorithms, potential HLA-A2.

Several analogs containing the auxiliary HLA-A,0201 anchor residues were able to stably bind to HLA-A,0201 and enhance CTL responses compared with the native sequence.

In this study, using the novel NTA-His tag-containing multimer technology, we quantified the TCR:pMHC dissociation rates (koff) of tumor-specific vaccine-induced CD8 T cell clones (n = 139) derived from seven melanoma patients vaccinated with IFA, CpG, and the native/EAA or analog/ELA Melan-A(MART-1) (26-35) peptide binding with low or high affinity to MHC, respectively.

Using this approach we identified 4 novel MHC-I restricted epitopes: 2 with the binding motif for HLA-A24 molecules and 2 with both HLA-A2 and HLA-A24 binding motifs.

Matrices were used to generate a large panel of HLA-C-specific peptide-binding data and update our pan-specific NetMHCpan predictor, whose predictive performance was considerably improved with respect to peptide binding to HLA-C.

In addition to altering recognition by HIV-1-specific CD8+ T cells, the HLA-B2705-KK10 L6M complex also exhibits substantially increased binding to the immunoglobulin-like transcript (ILT) receptor 4, an inhibitory MHC class I-specific receptor expressed on myelomonocytic cells.

Within the groove of the MHC molecule are 6 pockets, two of which mostly display a high degree of specificity for binding amino acids capable of making conserved and energetically favourable contacts with the MHC.

We generated these HLA-B27 tetramers using immunodominant viral peptides with high binding affinity to HLA-B27 and cartilage-derived peptides with lower affinity.

However, an aggrecan peptide-specific T cell line derived from an HLA-B27 transgenic BALB/c mouse bound significantly stronger to the HLA-B27.

Four of six HLA-B27+ Ct-ReA patients had specific synovial T cell binding to at least one HLA-B27/Chlamydia peptide tetramer.

The HLA-B27/Chlamydia peptide 195 tetramer bound to synovial T cells from three of six patients and HLA-B27/Chlamydia peptide 133 tetramer to synovial T cells from two patients.

The binding to HLA-B7 of 18 selected peptides was assessed by competitive binding assays and was found to correlate with the computer-assigned scores, confirming the predictive value of these algorithms in selection of HLA-B7-associated peptides.

We screened for the presence of HLA-B27-restricted CTL epitopes from CEA by studying the binding to HLA-B27 of 31 synthetic peptides predicted to bind to this molecule.

Two of 11 HLA-B35-predicted binding peptides were able to stabilize HLA-B35 in an in vitro binding assay.

Analysis of the three shorter peptides representing HLA-B8 motif-bearing sequences within the two positive peptides for their ability to bind to HLA-B8 in vitro, and to sensitize target cells for lysis by effectors stimulated with the 15-mers, identified two overlapping HLA-B8-restricted CTL epitopes.

The recently reported three-dimensional structure of HLA-B27 and the identification of self-peptides bound to this major histocompatibility complex class I antigen can be viewed as a landmark in the understanding of the pathogenic role of HLA-B27.

We have searched the proteome of the bacterium Chlamydia trachomatis for HLA-B27 binding peptides that are stimulatory for CD8(+) cells both in a model of HLA-B27 transgenic mice and in patients.

This was done by combining two biomathematical computer programs, the first of which predicts HLA-B27 peptide binding epitopes, and the second the probability of HLA-B27 peptide generation by the proteasome system.

Here we show that HLA-B,58:01 binds and presents KF11 peptide, but HIV-infected HLA-B,58:01(+) cells fail to process KF11.

Furthermore, crystal structures of these viral peptide-HLA complexes showed that the Ag-binding cleft of HLA-B,18:01 was more ideally suited to bind shorter peptides, whereas HLA-B,44:03 exhibited characteristics that favored the presentation of longer peptides.

Surprisingly, the SB47 TCR engaged HLA-B,35:08(LPEP) using a completely distinct binding mechanism, namely " bypassing" the bulged peptide and making extensive contacts with the extreme N-terminal end of HLA-B,35:08.

We show that unmodified abacavir binds non-covalently to HLA-B,57:01, lying across the bottom of the antigen-binding cleft and reaching into the F-pocket, where a carboxy-terminal tryptophan typically anchors peptides bound to HLA-B,57:01.

Abacavir binds with exquisite specificity to HLA-B,57:01, changing the shape and chemistry of the antigen-binding cleft, thereby altering the repertoire of endogenous peptides that can bind HLA-B,57:01.

The discovery of the association between spondyloarthritis (SpA) and HLA-B27 inevitably turned the spotlight on T-lymphocytes as the cells which recognize peptide antigens within the binding groove of the HLA-B27 molecule and then carry out effector functions.

The remarkable similarity of the peptide-binding motifs and repertoires for Mamu-B,08 and HLA-B,2705 suggests that the nature of the peptide bound by the MHC class I molecule may play an important role in control of immunodeficiency virus replication.

The major ligands presented by MHC class I molecules after natural antigen processing are peptides of eight to ten residues in length, and it is widely accepted that the binding preferences of MHC class I molecules play a dominant role in dictating this classic feature of antigen presentation.

Abacavir\s specificity to HLA-B,57:01 is attributed to its binding site within the peptide-binding cleft and subsequent influence of the repertoire of peptides that can bind HLA-B,57:01.

Recently, we have found that the HLA-B,2705 presents an EBV epitope (pEBNA3A-RPPIFIRRL), lacking the canonical B27 binding motif but known as immunodominant in the HLA-B7 context of presentation.

The predicted MHC binding affinities of the 7 G8 variant epitopes were similar to the 3 D7 epitopes, suggesting that the amino acid substitutions of the 7 G8 variants may have interfered with TCR recognition of the MHC:peptide complex or that the 7 G8 variant may have acted as an altered peptide ligand.

Using a state-of-the-art imputation method to analyse the major histocompatibility complex (MHC) region, Ombrello and colleagues narrowed down the association between human leukocyte antigen (HLA)-B51 and Behçet\s disease to a model of five amino acids of the HLA-B molecule involved in the binding of the antigen, the interactions with receptors on CD8 T cells and natural killer cells, and the signal peptide of HLA-B, suggesting a crucial role of the cellular cytotoxicity on this disease.

To this end, HLA binding assays performed using nine HLA-B,2705-restricted ligands endogenously processed and presented in virus-infected cells revealed a common minimal peptide motif for efficient binding to the HLA-B,27 family.

Whilst paternal Class I MHC appears important, there is an important role for paternal non-MHC minor antigens (small peptides) that bind to the antigen-presenting groove of Class I MHC.

The MHC-1 Ld molecule has limited peptide binding compared to conventional MHC molecules such as Kb or Db, which correlates with polymorphisms associated with " elite control" of HIV in humans.

Mass spectrometry analysis of MHC II-bound peptides suggested that the abundance of endogenously processed peptides bound to MHC II molecules was significantly associated with the relative immunodominance of these epitopes.

MHC class II molecules, on the other hand, have been challenging to combine with mass cytometry as they are more complex and bind with lower affinities to cognate T-cell receptors than MHC class I molecules.

We performed a comprehensive in silico analysis of viral peptide-MHC class I binding affinity across 145 HLA-A,-B, and-C genotypes for all SARS-CoV-2 peptides.

The various prediction algorithms are being used to capture the MHC peptide binding preference, allowing the rapid scan of entire pathogen proteomes for peptide likely to bind MHC, saving the cost, effort, and time.

These structural differences probably reflect the fundamentally different ways in which Ly49 and NKG2D receptors recognize their respective ligands: whereas the single MICA binding site of NKG2D is formed by the precise juxtaposition of two monomers, each Ly49 monomer contains an independent binding site for MHC-I.

211 At-anti MICA/B Ab binds to human osteosarcoma SaOS2 and U2OS cells that exhibit high levels of MICA/B expression and efficiently kills those cells in\240\vitro.

Transplantation of the MICB alpha2 domain confers UL16 binding capacity to MICA, and thus, diversification of the MICA alpha2 domain may have been driven by the selective pressure exerted by UL16.

Instead, we mapped the BD association to seven MHC class I (MHC-I) amino acid residues, including anchor residues that critically define the selection and binding of peptides to MHC-I molecules, residues known to influence MHC-I-killer immunoglobulin-like receptor interactions, and a residue located in the signal peptide of HLA-B.

These receptors include Ly49s, killer immunoglobulin-like receptors, leukocyte immunoglobulin-like receptors, and NKG2A/CD94, which bind MHC class I (MHC-I) molecules, and NKG2D, which binds MHC-I paralogs such as the stress-induced proteins MICA and ULBP.

In kidney transplant recipients, polyreactive anti-MICA sera bound preferentially to ECs from MICA A5.

In C2GnT-expressing bladder tumour cells, poly-N-acetyllactosamine was present on core2 O-glycans on MICA, and galectin-3 bound the NKG2D-binding site of MICA through this poly-N-acetyllactosamine.

Two single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs), rs2596538GA in the MICA promoter and rs1051792AG in the coding region (MICA-129Val/Met), influence MICA expression or binding to NKG2D, with MICA-129Met molecules showing higher receptor affinity.

IE2 directly activated MICA promoter via its binding to an IE2-responsive element that we identified within the promoter and that is conserved among different alleles of MICA.

Through analysis with the chromatin immunoprecipitation assay, we found that HBV infection promotes the expression of transcription factors GATA-2 and GATA-3, which specifically suppressed MICA/B expression by directly binding to the promoter region of MICA/B.

HBc protein inhibits MICA/B expression via directly binding to the CpG island in the MICA/B promoter.

Anti-MICA antibodies in anti-HLA-absorbed serum 3 bound native MICA molecules in MICA,008(+) HeLa and PMA/CD28-T-blasts and mediated cell death by activating complement.

The folded MICA and NKG2D demonstrated the capacity to bind to recombinant NKG2D and MICA respectively by ELISA, Western blot and Surface Plasmon Resonance (SPR) assays.

Additionally, the folded MICA and NKG2D demonstrated significant binding to NKG2D-positive Human leukemic cell line U937 and MICA-positive Human pancreatic carcinoma, epithelial-like cell line (PANC-1) respectively, suggesting successful refolding.

The ability of anti-MICA on phages to bind MICA after doxorubicin conjugation was evaluated by indirect enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay.

Flow cytometry and indirect enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay demonstrated that most of the phages (82 %) could be conjugated with doxorubicin, and the Dox-carrying phage-displaying anti-MICA (Dox-phage) remained the binding activity against MICA.

Our study has shed new insight into MICB genetic variation at population level, suggesting that binding sites for transcription factors in MICB promoter could be interrupted by polymorphisms within this region, resulting in allele-specific regulation.

We found that MICB,008 which contains methionine and asparagine at the amino acid positions 98 and 113, respectively, in the alpha 2 domain showed decreased binding activities to UL16 when compared to MICB,003, 4, and MICB,00502 containing isoleucine and aspartic acid, respectively.

These CD8 T cell responses included HLA-A,0201-restricted CTL activity, CD8/IFN-gamma T cell responses, and HLA tetramer binding against defined immunodominant epitopes in gag, pol, env, and nef as well as potent CD8/IFN-gamma responses against undefined HLA-A,0201-restricted epitopes in all remaining Ags of the library.

Eight HER-2/neu peptides displaying HLA-A,0201 anchoring motifs were selected and tested for their binding affinity to HLA-A,0201 and their capacity to elicit cytotoxic T lymphocyte (CTL) responses in both HLA-A,0201 transgenic mice and in HLA-A,0201(+) healthy donors.

By a cell surface MHC class I stabilization assay, four peptides were scored as good binders, whereas two peptides bound weakly to HLA-A2.

We propose that the accumulation of several assembly intermediates of HLA-C might favour the binding of peptide antigens not readily bound by HLA-A and-B molecules in neoplastic cells with suboptimal class I expression.

The crystal structure of the two immunoglobulin variable-like domains of the murine CD8alphaalpha homodimer complexed to the class I MHC H-2Kb molecule at 2.8 A resolution shows that CD8alphaalpha binds to the protruding MHC alpha3 domain loop in an antibody-like manner.

A peptide with Ala substituted at position 8 (8 A) showed higher HLA-A2 binding affinity and CTL recognition and was a more potent in vivo immunogen in HLA-A2-transgenic mice, inducing higher CTL responses with higher avidity against native C7A2 than induced by C7A2 itself.

We report the crystal structure of a complex between the murine N15 TCR [ 1-4 ] and its peptide-MHC ligand, an octapeptide fragment representing amino acids 52-59 of the vesicular stomatitis virus nuclear capsid protein (VSV8) bound to the murine H-2Kb class I MHC molecule.

The MHC class-I binding affinity of an epitope is an important parameter determining the immunogenicity of the peptide-MHC complex.

Cells expressing HLA-A2,-A24(9) and-A68(28) proteins were brightly stained with RG1 whereas mAb binding to HLA-A1,-A11 and a split of A3 molecules was significantly lower.

In the first approach, the immunogenicity of potential epitopes ranging in MHC binding affinity over a 10, 0-fold range was analyzed in HLA-A,0201 transgenic mice.

Second, this W6/32 mAb does not react with an HLA-A3 H chain/h beta 2-m surface complex formed by the exchange of H chain bound mouse beta 2-m for exogenously added h beta 2-m on lymphocytes from A3 single transgenic mice in which the HLA-A3 H chain is synthesized and transported to the cell surface in association with mouse beta 2-m.

HLA-A mutant DNA probe, in which the PP is disrupted, shows the same nuclear protein binding pattern as that of the HLA-C gene, and HLA-C mutant DNA probe, in which the PP is introduced, shows the same nuclear protein binding pattern as that of the wild type HLA-A gene.

These data suggest that the perfect palindrome and its cognate DNA binding nuclear protein play an important role in the HLA class I gene regulation, and thus the lower expression of HLA-C antigen may be ascribed to no or very weak factor binding to the nonpalindromic sequences of HLA-C upstream DNA.

Therefore, potent, noncytotoxic inhibition of cell proliferation, DNA and RNA synthesis via MHC molecules can be mediated specifically through effects initiated by binding to HLA-A molecules alone.

Four Lengsin-derived peptides were selected by computerized algorithm based on a permissive HLA-A,0201 binding motif, and were used to immunize HLA-A,0201 transgenic (HHD) mice.

Furthermore, mAbs targeting MHC class I, independent of the peptide bound by HLA, did not stimulate apoptosis, suggesting that the Ab-binding site on the MHC/peptide complex determines cytotoxicity.

0 has been trained on the hitherto largest set of quantitative MHC binding data available, covering HLA-A and HLA-B, as well as chimpanzee, rhesus macaque, gorilla, and mouse MHC class I molecules.

We have, therefore, developed a web server, MHC motif viewer, that allows the display of the likely binding motif for all human class I proteins of the loci HLA A, B, C, and E and for MHC class I molecules from chimpanzee (Pan troglodytes), rhesus monkey (Macaca mulatta), and mouse (Mus musculus).

An HLA-A,0201 restricted CTL epitope was deduced in silica from the amino acid sequence of the Bcl2 protein and its binding affinity for HLA-A,0201 was confirmed using a biochemical binding assay.

We combined steered molecular dynamics (SMD) simulation, single-molecule biophysical approaches, and functional assays to collectively demonstrate that mechanical force induces conformational changes in pMHCs to enhance pre-existing contacts and activates new interactions at the TCR-pMHC binding interface to resist bond dissociation under force, resulting in TCR-pMHC catch bonds\240\and T\240\cell activation.

Peptide binding analyses on HLA-A,02:01 and DLA-88,50101 via flow cytometry showed weak binding of DLA-88,50101 derived peptides to HLA-A,02:01, and vice versa.

Online biological softwares involved C-proteasomal cleavage, MHC class I binding affinity and TAP transport efficiency were used for prediction of HLA-A,0201 restricted epitopes from Eps8.

In thus study, we show that the MHC binding and consequent T cell reactivity against several HLA-A,02 restricted epitopes can be further improved through the incorporation of nonproteogenic amino acids at primary and secondary anchor positions.

To understand how an antibody can display high affinity and specificity for a particular MHC:peptide complex, we have employed X-ray crystallography to determine the structure of a recombinant antibody, Hyb3 bound to human HLA-A1 molecules presenting the peptide EADPTGHSY that is derived from the tumour-associated antigen MAGE-Al.

MHC-peptide-specific Fab antibodies binding to HLA-A,0201 complexes presenting the wild-type EAAGIGILTV (EAA) or analogue Melan-A 10-mer ELAGIGILTV (ELA) peptide were generated to study efficacy of peptide processing and presentation.

For Class II MHC alleles, the binding groove is open at both ends, causing ambiguity in the positional alignment between the groove and peptide, as well as creating uncertainty as to what parts of the peptide interact with the MHC.

We experimented on the HLA-A family with the binding nonamers of A1 supertype (HLA-A,0101, A,2601, A,2902, A,3002), A2 supertype (A,0201, A,0202, A,0203, A,0206, A,6802), A3 supertype (A,0301, A,1101, A,3101, A,3301, A,6801) and A24 supertype (A,2301 and A,2402), whose data were collected from six publicly available peptide databases and two private sources.

Typically, candidate selection relies on the prediction of MHC-peptide binding only, as this is known to be the most selective step in the MHC class I antigen processing pathway.

MHC binding is the last step in the antigen processing pathway and was predicted using a support vector machine method, SVMHC.

Compared to prediction of MHC binding only, we report an increased overall accuracy and a lower rate of false positive predictions for the HLA-A,0201, HLA-B,2705, HLA-A,01, and HLA-A,03 alleles using WAPP.

We have used MHC peptide binding algorithms to predict potential STEAP sequences capable of stimulating in vitro naïve HLA-A2-restricted CTLs.

CYP246 is characterized by strong initial HLA-A,0201 binding but a short MHC/peptide binding half-life.

In this paper, the empirical three-dimensional quantitative structure-affinity relationship (3 D-QSAR) methods were used to study the relationship between the three dimensional structural parameters (the isotropic surface area, ISA, and the electronic charge index, ECI) of the HLA-A,0201 binding peptide and the HLA-A,0201/peptide binding affinities.

To distinguish between MHC alleles that are exclusively dependent on TAP and those exhibiting only a partial dependence on TAP, two sets of MHC binding peptides were examined: HLA-A,0201 was selected as a representative of partially TAP-dependent HLA alleles, and HLA-A,0301 represented fully TAP-dependent HLA alleles.

We conclude that water molecules at the interface play the role of active mediators in the MHC-peptide interaction, and might be responsible for the large binding affinity of the MHC complex to a large number of epitope sequences.

In this role, it stabilizes the peptide-free conformation of class I MHC molecules in the endoplasmic reticulum and thus increases the number and variety of peptides bound to class I MHC.

Thermodynamic and kinetic analyses of peptide-MHC interactions as performed here may be of practical use in the engineering of peptides with desired binding properties and will aid in the interpretation of the effects of MHC and peptide substitutions on peptide binding and T cell reactivity.

Analysis of the thermodynamics of the interactions between the D3 T-cell receptor (TCR) and its natural ligand, an HIV peptide bound to a HLA-A0201 (HLA-A2) major histocompatibility complex (MHC) protein, shows both similarities and striking differences when compared with the 2 B4 TCR binding to its peptide-MHC ligand.

We demonstrate here that binding of HLA-A2 tetramers to CD8(+) T cells specific for the melanoma-associated antigen Melan-A/MART-1 can be fine-tuned by altering either the bound peptide epitope or residues in the alpha 3 domain of HLA-A2, which is important for CD8 binding.

In contrast, low CD8-expressing, antigen-specific T cells could be detected efficiently only by using a mutated HLA-A2 tetramer with an altered CD8 binding site or, less efficiently, using the wild-type HLA-A2 tetramer loaded with the peptide analogue ELAGIGILTV, which is superior in stimulating antigen-specific T-cell responses.

MHC binding of these peptides was determined in an HLA-A11 stabilization assay, and binding peptides were tested for CTL recognition in eight HLA-A11-positive FSWs.

Consistent with this model, we detected clusters of wild-type HLA-A2 molecules and of mutant A2-T134K molecules that cannot bind TAP, but HLA-A2 did not detectably cluster with A2-T134K at steady state.

The lumenal domain of US2 can differentiate between the products of distinct class I loci, as US2 binds several HLA-A locus products while being unable to bind recombinant HLA-B7, HLA-B27, HLA-Cw4, or HLA-E.

From the HLA-A,0201 binding peptides, we selected five E6-derived and one E7-derived peptide with high affinities for HLA-A,0201.

One of the selected phage antibodies shows binding to HLA-A1 complexed with the MAGE-A1 peptide, but does not show binding to HLA-A1 complexed with a peptide encoded by gene MAGE-A3 and differing from the MAGE-A1 peptide by only three residues.

Conversely, for complexes of HLA-A2 with the more hydrophobic peptides, the water molecules are more rigidly bound at the MHC-peptide interface and a number of well-defined water-binding sites exist.

less than 20 % of HLA-A2 expressed in the cells can be co-precipitated with either TAP, calreticulin or tapasin, the mutant proteins are expressed on the cell surface in a stable conformation, and bind a complex set of peptides almost identical to that of wild-type HLA-A2.

By using a MHC-binding assay, eight peptides derived from MAGE-2 were found to bind with sufficient affinity to the HLA-A24 molecule.

Cell lines derived from Ewing\s tumors largely lack polymorphic HLA class Ia antigens of both the HLA-A and the HLA-B loci but binding of monomorphic HLA antibodies indicates significant expression of HLA-C locus antigens and/or HLA class Ib molecules.

The finding that high and low HLA-B melanoma cell lines contain different transcription factors binding to elements not actively involved in the process of HLA-B locus abrogation suggests that these cell lines originate from distinct types of melanocyte precursor cells expressing a different set of transcription factors.

The frequency, activation state, and TCR usage of HLA-A2/Tax11-19 binding T cells in patients with HTLV-I-associated myelopathy was determined using MHC class I tetramers loaded with the Tax11-19 peptide.

Additional MHC binding studies with the most common HLA molecules belonging to the HLA-A3 superfamily (HLA-A,1101,-A,3101,-A,3301, and-A,6801), demonstrated that CEA[9(61) ] binds five of five A3 supertype molecules with high affinity, and the HER2[9(754) ] epitope was able to bind to four of the same five alleles.

The binding of a major histocompatibility complex (MHC) molecule to a peptide originating in an antigen is essential to recognizing antigens in immune systems, and it has proved to be important to use computers to predict the peptides that will bind to an MHC molecule.

Second, we generate peptides that have high probabilities to bind to a certain MHC molecule, based on our proposed method using peptides binding to MHC molecules as a set of training data.

Furthermore, using an HMM trained for HLA-A2, we present new peptide sequences that are provided with high binding probabilities by the HMM and that are thus expected to bind to HLA-A2 proteins.

The MHC class I binding proteins leukocyte immunoglobulin-like receptor (LIR)-1 and-2 recognize a similar broad spectrum of HLA-A,-B and-C alleles but are differentially expressed in lymphocytes, monocytes, and dendritic cells.

The output consists of a static heat map and graphical tree-based visualizations of the functional relationship between MHC variants and a dynamic TreeViewer interface where both the functional relationship and the individual binding specificities of MHC molecules are visualized.

The subsequent HLA-A24-defined cross-allele peptides recognized by the HLA-A11(+) population were shown to mildly bind to the HLA-A,1101 molecule.

A second TCR recognized HLA-A2 independent of the bound peptide beside its much stronger recognition of NY-ESO-1 bound to HLA-A2.

Although the resulting entropic effects contribute to the improved binding of the peptide to MHC, they also negatively impact T cell receptor binding to the peptide·MHC complex.

Here, we describe a molecular modeling study of MHC-peptide interactions that integrates sampling techniques from protein-protein docking, loop modeling, de novo structure prediction, and protein design in order to construct atomically detailed peptide binding landscapes for a diverse set of MHC proteins.

Here we present our method for averaging together multiple predictors for MHC-peptide binding, where given a particular MHC molecule, a set of predictors and a set of training peptides, our method will average multiple simple predictors for MHC binding to produce a final prediction of the binding affinity between a given MHC molecule and a test peptide.

Here we determined the structures of the class I MHC molecule HLA-A,0201 bound to the native 126-134 epitope of the WT1 peptide and a recently described variant (R1Y) with improved MHC binding.

Stability measurements revealed how the R1Y substitution enhances MHC binding affinity, and together with the structures suggest a strategy for engineering WT1 variants with improved MHC binding that retain the structural features of the native peptide/MHC complex.

Experimental screening of large sets of peptides with respect to their MHC binding capabilities is still very demanding due to the large number of possible peptide sequences and the extensive polymorphism of the MHC proteins.

Dynamics of peptides within MHC binding grooves can influence TCR recognition, yet NMR studies which could address this rigorously have been hindered by the expense of isotopically labeled peptides and the large size of peptide-MHC complexes.

UL18 is a human cytomegalovirus class I MHC (MHCI) homolog that binds the host inhibitory receptor LIR-1 and the only known viral MHC homolog that presents peptides.

The effect of substituting unnatural hydrophobic amino acids into the critical MHC binding residues of an HLA-A,0201-restricted cytomegalovirus CMVpp65 epitope, NLVPMVATV, has been investigated.

For all MHCI-peptide combinations, peptide binding onto MHCI protected against ERAP1-mediated trimming.

We conclude that MHCI binding protects peptides from ERAP1 degradation and that trimming in solution along with the dynamic nature of peptide binding to MHCI are sufficient to explain ERAP1 processing of antigenic peptide precursors.

Using fluorescent peptide specifically fitting the groove of HLA-A,02:01, instead of antibody staining, also showed higher peptide binding on desialylated cells, confirming higher surface expression of MHC-I complex.

Attributed to the ever-expanding amount of MHC-peptides binding data, it enables the tremendous influx of deep learning techniques for modeling MHC-peptides binding.

Here, using a small-scale immunoisolation of the antigen serotypes HLA-A,02:01 and HLA-B,27:05 expressed on the Epstein-Barr virus-transformed B cell line Jesthom and MS of the eluted peptides from both cells and EVs, we identified 516 peptides that bind either HLA-A,02:01 or HLA-B,27:05.

Here, we show that HLA-A,02:01-restricted EBV antigenic peptides EBNA1562-570, LMP1125-133 and LMP2A426-434 display binding degeneracy towards HLA-A,02 allelic microvariants, and that these pMHC complexes are recognised by anti-EBV TCR-like mAbs E1, L1 and L2 raised in the context of HLA-A,02:01.

Lastly, molecular docking and MHC-peptide complex stabilization assay were utilized to determine the binding energy and affinity of epitopes to the HLA-A0201 molecule.

The data demonstrate that a suboptimal anchor residue at position 2 enables the TCR to " pull" the peptide away from the MHC binding groove, facilitating extra contacts with both the peptide and MHC surface.

Some studies suggest that the germ line elements of the TCR engage the MHC prior to peptide scanning, but this order of binding is difficult to reconcile with some TCR-pMHC structures.

The sequence of HLA-B,5101 binding peptides has a minimum influence on the binding of TU48 mAb to HLA-B,5101 molecules.

In contrast, the binding of TU109 mAb to HLA-B,5101 molecules was critically influenced by the sequence of a peptide bound to HLA-B,5101 molecules.

Here, inhibition of NK clones by HLA-B,2705 molecules mutated at single amino acids in the peptide binding site varied among HLA-B,2705-specific NK clones.

Recognition of MHC + peptide complexes by TCRs is thought to involve a large surface formed by exposed residues from the bound peptide and from the alpha-helices of the MHC protein.

The uneven distribution of mutations affecting HLA-B27 allorecognition by CTL 64.8 P strongly suggests an asymmetrical topology in the interaction of this TCR with HLA-B27, in which most of the binding energy is provided by contacts with HLA-B27 and/or peptide residues located close to pockets A and B, with little contribution from other areas of the MHC or peptide molecules.

X-ray crystallographic and peptide-MHC binding studies have begun to clarify the interaction between antigenic peptides and MHC proteins at the molecular level.

Furthermore, through a series of in vitro and in vivo investigations, we found that MHC I mutations that disrupt the salt bridge alleviate peptide binding and can weaken the TCR recognition of MHC I-peptide complexes.

Flow cytometric analyses revealed that HLA-B44-conjugated beads are specifically bound to HEK293T cells expressing human MMR1, that HLA-B44 tetramers are bound to the human MMR1-transfected HEK293T cells with a dissociation constant of 3.0 ×10(-9) M, and that the interaction was completely inhibited by the addition of R15 monoclonal antibody specific for mouse MMR1.

HLA-B27 homodimer expression on the cell surface of 721.22 is dependent on the unpaired cysteine(67) and is inhibited by restoration of tapasin function or by incubation with peptides that bind strongly to HLA-B27 heterodimers.

Indeed, the peptide binding motif and sequence of individual ligands eluted from Gogo-B,0101 demonstrate that, like HLA-B27, this gorilla MHC class I molecule binds peptides with arginine at the second amino acid position of peptides bound by the MHC class I molecule.

Therefore, although most gorillas that develop SpAs express an MHC class I molecule with striking differences to HLA-B27, this molecule binds peptides similar to those bound by HLA-B27.

Accordingly, naturally processed peptides derived from HLA-B,44 and HLA-B,27 specifically bind Mamu-A,11 and Mamu-B,03, respectively, indicating that conserved MHC class I binding capabilities exist between rhesus macaques and humans.

Crystal structures of antigenic peptides bound to class I MHC proteins suggest that chemical modifications of the central part of the bound peptide should not alter binding affinity to the MHC restriction protein but could perturb the T-cell response to the parent epitope.

Monofunctional spacers (11-amino undecanoate, (R)-3-hydroxybutyrate trimer) simply link two anchoring peptide positions (P3 and P9) but loosely contact the MHC binding groove, and thus decrease more or less the affinity of the altered epitopes to HLA-B,2705.

The N and C termini of peptides presented by major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class I molecules are held within the peptide binding groove by a network of hydrogen bonds to conserved MHC residues.

We show here that while tapasin is required for HLA-A,0201 (HLA-A2) molecules to bind to TAP, its absence does not block the presentation of HLA-A2-restricted TAP-dependent epitopes to cytotoxic T lymphocytes indicating that, unlike HLA-A1, HLA-B8 and HLA-B4402, HLA-A2 has access to the TAP-dependent peptide pool even in the absence of tapasin.

The algorithm performs successfully in predicting peptide binding to MHC molecules with hydrophobic binding pockets but not when MHC molecules with hydrophilic, charged pockets are considered.

CTL clone KID-9 cross-reacted with allogeneic HLA-B7 and HLA-B27 molecules and recognized a distinct peptide bound to each MHC molecule.

T cells recognize MHC-bound peptide, suggesting that the TCR contacts surface MHC residues adjacent to bound peptide, but the extent of MHC contact is not known.

Peptide binding to MHC molecules is necessary for immune recognition, but only a subset of peptides are capable of binding to a particular MHC molecule.

As the five peptides bound to HLA-B,2705 with similar stability, these data demonstrate that a single KIR specific for several HLA-B allotypes recognizes a subset of peptides bound to HLA-B,2705.

Based on the three-dimensional structure of HLA-B27, we have synthesized a ligand with an aziridine-containing side chain designed to mimic arginine and to bind covalently in the arginine-specific P2 pocket of HLA-B27.

Understanding the structural features of naturally processed peptides found within the major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class II peptide binding groove from disease-associated MHC molecules may provide insights into the nature of potential disease-related antigens.

To determine the influence of peptide-binding groove residues and MHC-bound peptide on HLA-B7 conformation, we investigated the binding sites of nine locus- or allele-specific mAbs using a panel of 82 HLA-B7 variants.

In the present report, we demonstrate that antibody L31, previously shown to react with beta 2 m-less (free) class I MHC heavy chains binds to an epitope (residues 66-68 of the alpha 1 domain alpha helix) present on all the HLA-C alleles corresponding to the accepted (CW1 through CW8) serologic specificities, and on a few HLA-B heavy chains sharing with HLA-C an aromatic residue at position 67.

Thus, free HLA-C and other Y/F67+ heavy chains are characterized by distinctive antibody binding features in a region (residues 66-68) included in a previously identified HLA-C restricted motif, which has been suggested to be the primary cause of distinctive features of the antigen-binding groove, low affinity for endogenous peptide antigens and beta 2 m, and preferential uptake of exogenous peptides, possibly of viral origin.

The interaction between 9-mer peptides and HLA-B51 molecules was investigated by quantitative peptide binding assay using RMA-S cells expressing human beta2-microglobulin and HLA-B51 molecules.

Of 147 chemically synthesized 9-mer peptides possessing two anchor residues corresponding to the motif of HLA-B,5101 binding self-peptides, 27 peptides bound to HLA-B,5101 molecules.

Major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class I molecules bind peptides that are delivered from the cytosol into the endoplasmic reticulum by the MHC-encoded transporter associated with antigen processing (TAP).

In vitro assembly assays employing synthetic peptides and recombinant HLA-B44 produced by Escherichia coli revealed that an acidic amino acid at P2 was necessary for promoting stable peptide binding to HLA-B44.

These results are in agreement with the experimental values of a semi-quantitative in vitro assembly assay, performed on the five nonapeptides (P3 = Gly, Leu, homophenylalanine, beta-naphthylalanine, alpha-naphthylalanine), which shows their ability to stabilize the native conformation of the HLA-B,2705 heavy chain and also shows that the three non-natural ligands bind with higher affinity (0.5 micro M) to the MHC protein than the two natural homologues (40 micro M).

Thus, this study demonstrates that structural information combined with rational design and molecular-dynamics simulations can illustrate and predict MHC binding and potential T-cell epitope properties as well as contribute to the design of new non-peptidic MHC inhibitors that may be useful for the selective immunotherapy of autoimmune diseases to which HLA alleles are directly associated.

This protein binds specifically to the HLA-A2 ISRE sequence, and binding is not efficiently competed by the ISRE sequences of the HLA-B7 or ISG54 genes.

The peptide transporter-deficient T2 line, which expresses a low level of HLA-A2 and its HLA-B7 transfectant subline, were used for this purpose because specifically bound peptides elevate the surface expression of these MHC molecules.

Peptides which possess the known primary anchor residue motif for HLA-B27 binding do not necessarily bind to HLA-B27 proteins.

These findings indicate that polymorphic residues within pockets B and F of HLA-B27 play a crucial role in peptide binding and stability of peptide-MHC class I complexes.

A " novel" DNA-binding factor recognizing the CCAAT motif seems to be important for locus-specific expression of HLA-A mRNA, whereas a different factor which binds to a Sp1-like sequence is crucial for normal HLA-B mRNA expression.

Replacement of two T nucleotides in the HLA-A3 IRS by the homologous A and C nucleotides of the HLA-B7 IRS was sufficient to impart IFN inducibility of the HLA-A3 promoter and efficient binding of constitutive and IFN-induced nuclear factors to the IRS of HLA-A3.

In order to determine how T cell-presented peptides associate with the antigen binding sites (desetopes) of class I major histocompatibility complex (MHC) molecules and how they might be scavenged from an endogenous processing pathway for transfer to those molecules, we characterized the binding of two synthetic peptides restricted by HLA-B37 or HLA-A2 to class I MHC molecules and to cellular proteins of histotyped cell lines, by gel filtration and photo-affinity labeling techniques.

In gel filtration binding studies, each peptide associated with immunopurified class I MHC molecules from cells with its restricting, histotype, but little was bound to class I MHC molecules from cells without the restricting histotype and none was bound to bovine serum albumin.

After crosslinkage of a radioiodinated photoreactive derivative of influenza virus nucleoprotein peptide NP(336-355Y) and immunoprecipitations with antibodies to class I MHC molecules, that peptide was found to bind to immunopurified class I MHC molecules from HLA-B37+ but not HLA-B37- cells.

] 64 peptides derived from the sequences of viral antigens, HLA-ABC heavy chains, and clathrin light chains were tested for binding to HLA-A2.

The class I MHC molecule HLA-B27 bears an unpaired Cys residue at position 67, which is predicted to face the Ag binding pocket, based on the x-ray crystallographic model of HLA-A2.

Here we describe a gel filtration assay from which we derive direct evidence for selective binding of an influenza matrix peptide to HLA-A2 and for binding of an influenza nucleoprotein peptide to HLA-B37.

According to its strong HLA-B,5701 association, recent data on abacavir suggest that a drug could first bind to the peptide binding groove of the MHC molecule.

To fine-map the Mamu-B,08 binding motif and assess its similarities with that of HLA-B,27, we affinity purified the peptidomes bound to these MHC class I molecules and analyzed them by LC-MS, identifying several thousands of endogenous ligands.

In this paper, Support Vector Regression is used in order to predict binding affinity of peptides with the aid of experimentally determined peptide-MHC binding affinities of 222 peptides to HLA-B,2705 to get more insight into this problematic disease.

We propose that tapasin modulates MHC I plasticity by dynamically coupling the peptide binding region and α3 domain of MHC I allosterically, resulting in enhanced peptide selector function.

MHC molecules HLA-B,3501 and HLA-B,3508 both bind a 13 mer viral peptide (LPEP) yet only HLA-B,3508-LPEP induces a CTL response characterised by the dominant TCR clonetype SB27.

Although the major histocompatibility complex class I (MHC-I) molecules typically bind short peptide (p) fragments (8-10 amino acids in length), longer, " bulged" peptides are often be presented by MHC-I.

Furthermore, the covalently-linked KIR2DL1 dimer binds more tightly to HLA-Cw4 than the wild-type monomer, suggesting the occurrence of a second binding event that increases the overall affinity of KIR dimer for HLA-C.

Native gel shift assay revealed that p58 KIR-K6 and KIR-K7 bind both HLA-Cw3 and HLA-Cw6 molecules, but p50 KAR-K1 binds neither of the HLA-C molecules.

To examine the structural basis for the specific recognition of the MHC class I allotypes HLA-Cw,0401 and HLA-Cw,0304 by the killer cell inhibitory receptors (KIR) cl42 and cl43, respectively, mutant KIR-Ig fusion proteins were tested by direct binding to cells transfected with single HLA-C alleles.

The extra-villous trophoblast which reacted with antibodies to monomorphic class 1 MHC antigens consistently failed to bind HLA-A or HLA-B antibodies specific for the foetal phenotype.

Supporting the hypothesis that circSamd4 might complex with PUR proteins and thereby prevent their interaction with DNA, silencing circSamd4 enhanced the association of PUR proteins with the Mhc promoter, while overexpressing circSamd4 interfered with the binding of PUR proteins to the Mhc promoter.

Prediction of peptide:MHC binding is accomplished by supporting an ensemble of MHC Class I and II binding algorithms within a framework designed to facilitate the incorporation of additional algorithms.

Current neoantigen predictors focus on in silico estimation of MHC binding affinity and are limited by low predictive value for actual peptide presentation, inadequate support for rare MHC alleles, and poor scalability to high-throughput data sets.

MHCnuggets can predict binding for common or rare alleles of MHC class I or II with a single neural network architecture.

We compared the number of mutations, the number of neoantigens predicted to bind MHC class I, and the number of neoantigens that are predicted to bind MHC class I and be recognized by a T cell receptor in actinic keratoses and cutaneous squamous cell carcinomas.

We have evaluated the way in which the choice of fluorescent label can impact the detection of MHC multimer binding T cells in an exploratory proficiency panel where detection of MHC multimer binding T cells was assessed across 16 different laboratories.

Consistently, restriction of MHC-I groove plasticity through the introduction of a disulfide bond between the α1/α2 helices abrogates TAPBPR binding, both in solution and on a cellular membrane, while intracellular binding is tolerant of many destabilizing MHC-I substitutions.

Antigen presentation at these sites occurs principally via transfer of intact, donor MHC-peptide complexes from graft cells to host DCs (cross-dressing) or by uptake and processing of donor antigens into allopeptides bound to self-MHC molecules (indirect presentation).

Epitopes centering the GSTA sequence are also predicted by NetMHC programs to bind to MHC molecules.

The past few decades have witnessed the accumulation of a huge knowledge base of the molecular structures of MHC molecules bound to numerous peptides, of TCRs with specificity for many different peptide/MHC (pMHC) complexes, of NK cell receptors (NKR), of MHC-like viral immunoevasins, and of pMHC/TCR and pMHC/NKR complexes.

Collectively, with a cost per peptide reduced to a few cents, combined with the flexibility of rHLA technology, this poses an attractive strategy to generate vast bodies of MHC-II binding data at an unprecedented speed and for the benefit of generating peptide-MHC-II binding data as well as improving MHC-II prediction tools.

In this model, mutations in MHC-like molecule(s) that bound new PAMP(s) would not be recognized by original TCR-like molecule(s), and new MHC-like gene(s) would be lost by neutral drift.

Most T cell epitope prediction tools are based on machine learning algorithms trained on MHC binding or naturally processed MHC ligand elution data.

We found that all methods were able to improve epitope identification above random, with the best performance achieved by neural network-based predictions trained on both MHC binding and MHC ligand elution data (NetMHCPan-4.

Mutations in the MHC class II binding domain of SE-A (SEA) largely block the effect indicating that the response relies at least in part on the MHC class II-mediated antigen presentation.

Identification of MHC class I bound peptides by immunopurification of MHC complexes and subsequent analysis by mass spectrometry is crucial for understanding T cell immunology and immunotherapy.

We developed a peptide vaccine by targeting neoantigens predicted using a pipeline that incorporates the MHC binding algorithm NetMHC.

Tapasin plays a central role in the PLC, stabilizing the MHC-I binding groove in a conformation reminiscent of antigen-loaded MHC-I.

Current approaches for generating major histocompatibility complex (MHC) Class-I proteins with desired bound peptides (pMHC-I) for research, diagnostic and therapeutic applications are limited by the inherent instability of empty MHC-I molecules.

Molecular docking of epitopes to MHC structures have revealed that the lowest energy conformations are the epitopes bound to the antigen-binding groove of the MHC molecules.

For HLA-B51, all bound peptides fluctuated to larger extent than HLA-B52.

In a patient suffering from cancer who has a particular MHC allele, only those peptides that bind with the MHC allele with high affinity, help the immune system recognize the cancerous cells.

This is an active area of research and there are many MHC binding prediction algorithms that can predict the MHC binding affinity for a given peptide to a high degree of accuracy.

This review briefly introduces how CD4(+) T cells recognize antigen when displayed by MHC class II molecules, as well as MHC class II-peptide-loading pathways, structural basis of peptide binding and stabilization of the peptide-MHC complexes.

In contrast, our approach does not make use of MHC binding prediction, and is thus agnostic to MHC class II genotypes.

Instead, DM forms an intermediate with MHC II that binds peptide with faster kinetics than MHC II in the absence of DM.

A 1983 Immunology Today rostrum hypothesized that each T cell has two recognition units: a T cell receptor (TCR) complex, which binds antigen associated with a polymorphic region of a MHC molecule (pMHC), and a CD4 or CD8 molecule that binds to a conserved region of that same MHC gene product (class II or I, respectively).

Here, we review how MHC class-restricted binding impacts signaling and lineage commitment, discussing TCR force-driven conformational transitions that may optimally expose the co-receptor docking site on MHC.

Once MHC II molecules have bound a peptide, the MHC II-peptide complex is delivered to the cell surface for presentation to CD4(+) T cells.

Major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class I peptide binding and presentation are essential for antigen-specific activation of cytotoxic T lymphocytes (CTLs) and swine MHC class I molecules, also termed swine leukocyte antigens (SLA), thus play a crucial role in the process that leads to elimination of viruses such as swine influenza virus (SwIV).

According to the germline model, MHC restriction is intrinsic to TCR structure because TCR and MHC molecules have co-evolved to conserve germline-encoded TCR sequences with the ability to bind MHC, while eliminating TCR sequences lacking MHC reactivity.

According to the selection model, MHC restriction is not intrinsic to TCR structure, but is imposed by the CD4 and CD8 co-receptors that promote signaling by delivering the Src tyrosine kinase Lck to TCR-MHC complexes through co-receptor binding to MHC during positive selection.

Peptide binding assays confirmed all MHC-class I predicted peptides bound MHC-class I molecules.

By surveying 58 MHC class II and 224 MHC class I crystal structures in the Protein Data Bank, it becomes clear that CD4 cannot bind to MHC I molecules, nor can CD8αβ or CD8αα bind to MHC II molecules.

Mutations poorly bound to MHC-II are positively selected during tumorigenesis, even more than mutations poorly bound to MHC-I.

Turoctocog alfa and moroctocog alfa peptides showed minimal capacity to bind high-frequency MHC-II molecules in vitro, whereas simoctocog alfa peptide demonstrated some degree of binding to approximately half of the MHC-II molecules tested.

We found this mutation to facilitate cross-presentation and provide evidence from MHC binding and X-ray crystallographic structural studies that this results from preservation of the epitope rather than an increased epitope affinity for the MHC class I molecule.

MHC-E is a highly conserved nonclassical MHC class Ib molecule that predominantly binds and presents MHC class Ia leader sequence-derived peptides for NK cell regulation.

When co-expressed in mouse dendritic cells, the CsMHC II γ chain bound to both the MHC II α and β chains.

Ii serves multiple functions, one of which is to maintain the shape of the MHC-II groove so that it can readily bind exogenous antigens upon dissociation of the Ii peptide in MHC- II compartment.

Major histocompatibility complex E (MHC-E) is a highly conserved nonclassical MHC-Ib molecule that tightly binds peptides derived from leader sequences of classical MHC-Ia molecules for presentation to natural killer cells.

In agreement with modulation of surface MHC-Ia levels, TAP inhibition diminished presentation of MHC-Ia-restricted CD8+ T cell epitopes without impacting presentation of peptide antigen bound by MHC-E.

In the present work, we selected potential CD8 T cell epitopes (MHC-class I binding peptides) for the 129 mouse strain from the VP2 and NS1 proteins of AHSV-4, using a combination of four epitope prediction algorithms (SYFPEITHI, BYMAS, NetMHC I and NetMHCpan).

Out of nine identified peptides, we confirmed six novel MHC-I restricted epitopes that were capable of binding HLA-A2 and HLA-A24 alleles and used in vitro and in vivo methods to generate CD8+ T cells specific for each of these peptides.

Here we combined high-throughput fitness profiling of mutations in HIV-1 Gag, in silico prediction of MHC-peptide binding affinity, and analysis of intraperson virus evolution to systematically compare differences with respect to CTL escape mutations between epitopes targeted by protective MHC-I alleles and those targeted by nonprotective MHC-I alleles.

A linear regression model accounting for the effect of mutations on both viral replicative capacity and MHC-I binding can explain the protective efficacy of MHC-I alleles.

Whereas MHC class Ia presents peptides derived from pathogens to T cells, HLA-E classically binds defined leader peptides from class Ia MHC peptides and down-regulates NK cell cytolytic activity when presented on the cell surface.

The N termini of bound peptides most probably bind first in the N-terminal and middle region of the MHC-I peptide binding cleft, upon which the peptide C termini are tested for their capacity to dislodge the tapasin scoop loop from the F pocket of the MHC-I cleft.

Here we describe the immunological characterization of a number of novel HIV-1-specific, HLA-A2-restricted CTL epitopes that share a high degree of conservation within HIV-1 and a strong binding to different alleles of the HLA-A2 superfamily.

The frequencies of HLA-A2-restricted CD8+ PBL binding HLA-A2/HIV-epitope tetramers or producing IFN-gamma were below 1 %.

This implies that peptides carrying HLA-A,1101 anchor residues (Val, Ile, Phe or Tyr at P2 and Lys at the C-terminus) can bind to HLA-A,3303.

The results confirmed a previous pool sequencing study of HLA-A,1101 binding self-peptides, which showed that Lys at the C-terminus and Val, Ile, Phe, Tyr, and Thr at P2 are anchor residues for HLA-A,1101.

In addition a selected set of HIV-1LAI reverse transcriptase derived 10-mer peptides, that had been selected on the basis of HLA-A, 201 or HLA-A, 301 binding motifs, were tested for HLA-A, 201/A, 301 binding.

In that set we identified 8 peptides which bound with high affinity to HLA-A, 201 and 5 peptides which bound with high affinity to HLA-A, 301.

1 class I molecule is known to present P18(IIIB) for recognition by cytotoxic T lymphocytes (CTL) found in peripheral blood mononuclear cells of HIV+ donors, a P18(IIIB)-specific CTL line was generated from and HLA-A2(+), HIV- donor in order to define the molecular basis for, and ultimately improve upon the binding of, this peptide to HLA-A2.

In particular, we provided evidence that HIV Nef sequences recovered from HLA-A11-expressing individuals have alterations in the major anchor residues essential for binding of the two Nef epitopes (amino acids 73-82 and 84-92) to the HLA-A11 molecule.

The simplest peptide that we identified that could form HLA-A2 complexes had the sequence (in single letter aa code) GLFGGGGGV, indicating that three nonglycine aa are sufficient for binding to HLA-A2.

To determine whether most nonapeptides that contained Leu at P2 and Val or Leu at P9 could bind to HLA-A2, we tested the binding of nonapeptides selected from published HIV and melanoma protein sequences, and found that six of seven tested formed stable HLA-A2 complexes.

Monoclonal antibodies known to bind to native HLA-A2 also bound to the recombinant HLA-A2-peptide complex.

In this work, we utilized recombinant HLA-B2705 molecules and DsbA-KIR3DS1 fusion protein to monitor the interaction between HLA-B2705 complexes and DsbA-KIR3DS1 using BIAcore 3000 SPR sensor and found that the specific binding between KIR3DS1 and HLA-B2705 existed and the affinity was 6.95 x10(-6) mol//L.

HLA-B,5101 stabilization assay showed that 33 out of 172 HIV-1 peptides carrying HLA-B,5101 anchor residues bound to HLA-B,5101.

The ability of HLA-B,5101 binding peptides to stabilize the HLA-B,5101 molecules was markedly lower than that of HLA-B,3501 binding peptides to stabilize the HLA-B,3501 molecules.

Furthermore, cytotoxic T lymphocyte (CTL) escape mutations within the immunodominant HLA-B57 (Bw4)-restricted Gag epitope TSTLQEQIGW abrogated KIR3DL1 binding to HLA-B57, suggesting that sensing of CTL escape variants by NK cells can contribute to the protective effect of the KIR3DL1/HLA-Bw4 compound genotype.

Specificity of the effect of octapeptide was confirmed by the lack of HLA-C upregulation on HLA-Cw3- cells and by lower binding of dansylated peptide to the HLA-Cw3- cells HAJ and 500/C9.

The tools developed in this study in combination with a predictor of MHC and TAP binding capacity should give a more complete prediction of the generation and presentation of peptides on MHC Class I molecules.

MHC binding assays and CTL assays have been carried out: 50 (69 %) of the 72 candidate epitopes bound in assays with cell lines expressing the corresponding MHC molecule.

High expression of MHC molecules suggested that steric effects of bound anti-MHC antibodies might explain their inhibition of HTLV-1 fusion.

An anti-class I MHC antibody and a polyclonal antibody consisting of several nonblocking MAbs against other molecules bound to MT2 cells at levels similar to those of class II MHC antibodies, and they also blocked HTLV-1 syncytium formation.

An amino acid sequence of B subtype consensus of the HIV-1 V3 region was introduced into the MHC binding component with a supermotif for various MHC class II.

We then immunized these DQ6 mice with peptide vaccines, 46 F/J2/54A or 46 F/J2/54A/J2, which had been prepared by introducing B subtype consensus sequence (IGP-GRAF) of the HIV-1 V3 region (J2) into an MHC-binding component containing a supermotif for binding to various MHC class II molecules.

Dose analysis of peptides used to sensitize target cells as well as a major histocompatibility complex (MHC)-peptide stability assay suggested that the selected peptide Nef 128-137/136 T has an altered capacity to bind to the MHC.

Although IV9 does not detectably bind to isolated MHC-I molecules as measured by equilibrium dialysis, we quantitated its specific binding in unaltered form to MHC-I on intact cells.

org) provides a catalog of experimentally characterized B and T cell epitopes, as well as data on Major Histocompatibility Complex (MHC) binding and MHC ligand elution experiments.

MHC class II binding peptides reside within previously described immunogenic regions of HIV gp160 and Nef, yet we could also identify new MHC class II binding peptides from gp160 and Nef.

We merge algorithms for: cleavage prediction, TAP binding probability estimates and MHC binding properties to estimate the number and distribution of all MHC binding peptides.

Overall, this article points to the intriguing possibility that HLA-A molecules preferentially target more conserved regions of HIV-1, emphasizing the importance of HLA-A genes in the evolution of HIV-1 and RNA viruses in general.

HLA-A alleles and several HLA-B alleles that have maintained close sequence identity with chimpanzee homologues target conserved human proteins and DNA viruses such as Herpesviridae and Adenoviridae most efficiently, while all HLA-B alleles studied efficiently target RNA viruses.

HLA-A,2402 and HLA-A,3201 unequivocally protected target cells from lysis, whereas HLA-A,2501 and HLA-A,2301 provided only weak protection from lysis.

Although HLA-B,27 and B,57 are thought to target the most conserved parts of HIV, during disease progression, CTL responses restricted by HLA-B,27 and B,57 were lost at least as fast as CTL responses restricted by HLA-A,02.

Clonal analysis confirmed the restriction by HLA-A2 or-B5 of some cytotoxic T-cell clones and identified cytotoxic T-cell clones cytolytic for target cells which do not express HLA-A or-B but do express the HLA-C determinant.

Based on the capacity of different human histocompatibility leukocyte antigen (HLA)-C and HLA-B molecules to inhibit target cell lysis by NK lines and clones, three NK allospecificities have been defined: NK1 and NK2 cells are inhibited by different HLA-C allotypes and NK3 cells by some HLA-B allotypes.

This integrated strategy offers, for the first time, molecular-level understanding of MICA\s conformational dynamics in solution as well as the unique mechanism of actions of these antibodies in targeting MICA.

We show that coexpression of various pairs of cellular microRNAs interfered with the downregulation of MICB, whereas the viral microRNAs optimized their targeting ability to efficiently downregulate MICB.

This might be attributable to increased natural killing by allogeneic NK cells carrying a KIR that does not bind to HLA-C on target cells (HLA-C-uncoupled KIR).

Although numbers of KIR3DL1(+) NK cells were similar in HLA-Bw4(+) and HLA-Bw4(-) individuals, general levels of ADCC mediated against target cells were significantly higher in a group of HLA-Bw4(+) KIR3DL1(+) individuals than in a comparable HLA-Bw4(-) group.

We found that Capan-1 cells, originally reported to be HLA-A0201(+), actually only express HLA-A010101 and HLA-A300101 and were targets for HLA-A0201-restricted CTL only after transduction with an HLA-A0201-expressing lentivirus.

Expression of HLA-A,-B, and-C molecules on the SEB-coated targets also protected against cytolysis mediated by many NKB1-negative T cell clones, suggesting the presence of additional inhibitory MHC class I receptors.

Analysis of the recognition of HLA-A2 by using target cells transfected with mutated HLA-A2 encoding genes revealed that the nature of the amino acid at position 152 of the molecule is critical for recognition of the TCR-alpha beta+ as well as the TCR-gamma delta+ CTL clones since replacement of Val for Ala at that position resulted in abrogation of recognition of one TCR-gamma delta+ and one TCR-alpha beta+ clone and substitution of Val for Glu affected recognition of all clones.

Rotating stimulation of T cells with the three B7-expressing cell lines led to the generation of T-cell lines that were cytolytic for HLA-A2+ melanoma cells and other HLA-A2+ targets that were pulsed with HLA-A2-restricted MART-1 peptides.

A large portion of patients with prostate cancer express the HLA-A2 phenotype, implying that many prostate cancers might be targeted by HLA-A2-restricted CTL with specificity for the PSA 146-154 epitope.

In this study we report the functional comparison of T cell receptor (TCR)-engineered major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class I-restricted CD4+ versus CD8+ T cells targeting a peptide from six transmembrane epithelial antigen of the prostate 1 (STEAP1) in the context of HLA-A,02:01.

It was found that HLA-B51 restricted CD8 T cell response was clearly correlated with the target tissues expressing MICA,009 by stress in active BD patients with HLA-B51 as the intrinsic factors.

CD4(+) NKG2D(+) T-cell clones were functionally active through MICA-NKG2D interactions, producing interferon-gamma and killing targets expressing MICA.

Although most solid tumors express MICA and this molecule is a target during immune surveillance against tumors, it has been observed that high grade tumors from different histotypes express low amounts of cell surface MICA due to a metalloprotease-induced shedding.

CTL clones specific for the two peptides killed HLA-A,3101-expressing target cells infected with HIV-1 recombinant vaccinia virus, indicating that these peptides were naturally processed HLA-A,3101-restricted CTL epitopes.

Moreover, HLA-A2-restricted responses are largely absent in the acute phase of infection as the viral load is being reduced, suggesting that circulating viruses may lack immunodominant epitopes targeted through HLA-A2.

To better define the immunological mechanisms underlying HLA-B,27-mediated protection in HCV infection, we analyzed the functional avidity, functional profile, antiviral efficacy and naïve precursor frequency of CD8+ T cells targeting the immunodominant HLA-B,27-restricted HCV-specific epitope as well as its antigen processing and presentation.

A subset of clones specific for 5 T417-25 was cytolytic for MVA-5T4-infected HLA-A2 EBV-transformed lymphoblastoid cell line target cells and for constitutively HLA-A2-expressing and 5 T4-expressing RCC tumor cell lines (including A498 RCC).

Moreover, residues targeted by HLA-B alleles in the HIV-1 proteome were significantly more conserved than the ones targeted by HLA-A alleles.

To explore the presence of cross-reactivity to HLA-C and the other non-classical HLA antigens expressed by trophoblasts, HLA-A and-B-restricted CD8+ T cells specific for Epstein-Barr virus, Cytomegalovirus, Varicella-Zoster virus, and Influenza virus were tested against target cells expressing HLA-C,-E, and-G molecules.

Because peptides presented by several major histocompatibility complex (MHC) supertypes are potential targets for immunotherapy, the aim of this study was to determine whether MHC molecules other than the A2 supertype present the TcTLE peptide.

These epitope-specific CTLs effectively killed HLA-B,5401-expressing target cells infected with HIV-1 recombinant vaccinia virus, indicating that these peptides were naturally processed by HLA-B,5401 in HIV-1-infected cells.

To discern between these alternatives, P815 cells were co-transfected with HLA-B27, human ICAM-1, and LFA-3, and the transfectants were used as target cells with a series of HLA-B27-specific alloreactive CTL.

Our findings suggest that HLA-A alleles may be preferred targets because of the increased heterogeneity at HLA-B, although addition of a single HLA-B allele to a set of HLA-A alleles improved coverage.

Blocking experiments identified IFNγ-producing cells as CD8 T lymphocytes, with two peptides frequently recognized in HLA-B8+ patients and a third one targeted in HLA-B35+ subjects.

A subdominant HLA-B,14-restricted response targets Gag (DRYFKTLRA, HLA-B,14-DA9).

Of note, these \ MHC-I-opathies\ show a differential immunopathology, probably reflecting antigenic differences within target tissues: HLA-B(,) 51 is linked to ocular and mucocutaneous disease but not gut involvement, and HLA-C(,) 602 is linked to type I psoriasis but not scalp or nail disease.

Cytotoxicity of FLUX-reacting T cells from 10 HLA-B(∗) 57 : 1 (+) healthy donors toward autologous target cells and HLA-B(∗) 57 : 1-transduced hepatocytes was analyzed in vitro.

Because the CMV UL40-derived peptide is identical to the one generated from the leader sequence of various HLA-Cw alleles, NK-CTL are also able to display an " HLA-E-dependent alloreactivity" against allogeneic target cells expressing appropriate HLA-Cw alleles.

To investigate the feasibility of using human major histocompatibility complex class I chain-related A (MICA) as a target for tumor imaging diagnosis, 10 C6, a monoclonal antibody (mAb) that specifically recognizes MICA in vitro, was labeled with (99 m) Tc (technetium) and administered into mice bearing MICA-positive human ovarian epithelial carcinoma line SKOV3.

Altogether, MICAgen mice represent a valuable model to study regulation, function, disease relevance, and therapeutic targeting of MICA in vivo.

In an autologous setting, the HLA-A2+ ihv-DCs that present hTERT antigen prime autologous T cells to generate hTERT-specific CTLs, inducing cytolysis of hTERT-expressing target cells in an HLA-A2-restricted manner.

These miRNAs downregulated the expression of MICA/B by targeting the MICA/B 3 \-untranslated region and downregulated ULBP2 by inhibiting the MAPK/ERK signaling pathway.

Since major histocompatibility complex class I related chain A (MICA) molecules have been proposed as new targets for antibody recognition, we were interested to type donors and recipients for MICA alleles and to study MICA immunization of these patients.

A microRNA encoded by human cytomegalovirus downregulates MICB expression by targeting a specific site in the MICB 3 \ untranslated region.

Acquisition of MICA from target cells was dependent on cell contact and occurred after accumulation of MICA at the immunological synapse.

A stable MICA() 8 transfected cell line was used as target to identify MICA antibodies.

This is the first demonstration of the intracellular pathways involved in activation-induced expression of MICA, which may reveal potential targets for immune intervention to modulate MICA expression in pathological disorders.

To analyze whether MICA may be a target for specific antibodies in sera of transplanted patients, we produced three recombinant MICA proteins consisting of the alpha 1, alpha 2, and alpha 3 domains, and used them in an enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay.

Moreover, E3-19K protein, which was found to inhibit both major histocompatibility complex I (MHCI) and MHC-I chain-related A and B proteins (MICA/MICB) expression on the cell surface, protecting infected cells from T-lymphocyte and natural killer (NK) cell attack, may be tailored to selectively target only MHCI or MICA/MICB, or to lose the ability to downregulate both.

We show that, in the kidney, MICA is predominantly expressed in tubule epithelial cells, the natural targets of BKPyV, questioning a role for MICA in the immune control of BKPyV infection.

Overexpression of major histocompatibility complex class I chain-related A (MICA) in cancer is useful as a targeted molecule for the delivery of doxorubicin to MICA-expressing cell lines.

HLA-A,0201 transgenic mice (HHD mice) were used to generate CTL lines that stained positive with an HLA-A,0201 tetramer folded around the KVLEYVIKV peptide and killed peptide-loaded mouse target cells expressing HLA-A,0201.

When LFA-3 and HLA-A2 are coexpressed on the mouse cell surface, anti-LFA-3 MAb interfered with specific recognition and lysis of these target cells by human CTL capable of lysing HLA-A2-expressing mouse transfectants.

This discrimination is reflected as an inability to cause any significant lysis of variant HLA-A2-expressing target cells at effector-to-target ratios 10-to 100-fold greater than those giving 50 % lysis of prototype HLA-A2-expressing cells.

Cytotoxic spleen cells from reconstituted mice lysed third-party HLA-B7-expressing targets but were unable to lyse HLA-A2-expressing targets.

Elimination of HLA-A expression in HSC was achieved using artificial zinc finger nucleases designed to target HLA-A alleles.

W-1 cells (HLA-A,0201 and HLA-DR beta1,0301) pulsed with the influenza A matrix 1 (58-66) peptide (M1) were able to serve as targets for the HLA-A,0201 restricted CTL line PG, specific for M1-peptide.

In addition, recombinant HLA-A2 monomers (the " MonoLISA" assay) were used as a target for the detection of HLA-A2 group-specific antibodies.

Peripheral blood lymphocytes from HLA-A,0205 individuals were stimulated by HLA-A,0201 targets pulsed with an HLA-A,0201 peptide library.

HER2-transduced DC correctly processed and presented the Ag, because HLA-A,0201-positive DC served as targets for CTL recognizing the HLA-A,0201-binding immunodominant peptide HER2(369-377).

We show that either incorporation of HIV-1 CTL epitopes into the signal sequence of HLA or tethering of epitopes to the HLA-A2 heavy chain provide simple ways to create effective CTL target structures that can be recognized and lysed by human HLA-A2-restricted RT-specific CD8(+) CTL.

Considering both the strength and breadth of reaction, HLA-C was the major target for rhesus KIR, followed by HLA-B, then HLA-A.

These data demonstrate that US6 has differential effects on the cell-surface expression of MHC class I alleles and are consistent with TAP being the sole inhibitory target of US6 in the MHC class I antigen-presentation pathway.

In summary, MIF-derived peptide FLSELTQQL is HLA-A2-presented and recognized by RL21A on ovarian cancer cell lines and patient tumor tissues, and targeting of this HLA-A2/MIF complex with toxin-bound RL21A can induce ovarian cancer cell death.

The comparative weakness of most HLA class I associations with disease has made HLA-B27 an especially favored target for investigation, and more is known of the structure and peptide-presenting function of HLA-B27 than for any other HLA-B allotype (López de Castro 1994).

The HLA-B27-induced T-cell response was found to comprise two categories of clones: some recognizing HLA-B27 independent of H-2 molecules expressed by the target cells (unrestricted clones), others recognizing HLA-B27 in an H-2-restricted manner.

Reactivity against HLA-B7 was initially established because the clones lysed 2 target cells that shared only HLA-B7 with the immunizing cell line and they did not lyse five other cell lines that were HLA-B7 negative but expressed other class I or class II antigens found on the immunizing cell.

As before, lysis of single HLA-B7-negative target cells by two of the clones could be ascribed to recognition of HLA-B27 or HLA-B40.

Our results show that HLA-B7 Tg-, but not C57BL/6 syngeneic-, injected neonates were unresponsive as adults to HLA-B7-expressing target cells in vitro and specifically accepted HLA-B7-expressing Tg skin grafts.

Human minor histocompatibility antigen-specific, HLA-B,3501-restricted cytotoxic T-cell clones were assayed on a panel of 25 different target cells previously typed by serology as HLA-B35.

The platform approach was applied to identify a human papillomavirus (HPV16) oncogene E5-specific TCR, recognizing a novel, naturally processed pMHC (HLA-B,15:01) and a cytomegalovirus-specific TCR targeting an immunodominant pMHC (HLA-B,07:02).

Transfection of cells with HLA-C alleles encoding Asn-77-Lys-80 (including HLA-Cw4,-Cw5, and-Cw6) inhibited the lysis of the targets by NK1-specific NK cells, whereas HLA-C alleles encoding Ser-77-Asn-80 (including HLA-Cw1,-Cw7, and-Cw13) protected the targets from NK2-specific NK cells.

Importantly, ICAM-1 and HLA-C segregated only at synapses involving target cells expressing high levels of MHC protein.

Since residues 77 and 80 of HLA-C are directly involved in KIR/MHC interaction, we expected the induction of target cell lysis upon addition of scFv#1 when bringing NK and HLA-Cw6 positive cells together.

The expression of paternal HLA-C by EVT provides a target for maternal NK and T cells, whereas HLA-C expression levels may influence how this response is shaped.

Previous studies have shown that the class II MHC transactivator (CIITA), a master regulator that controls class II MHC expression is targeted by TGF-beta for repression of IFN-gamma-induced class II MHC expression in astrocytes.

Importantly, MHC-II targeting to the plasma membrane is largely impaired in immature CD9 KO MoDCs, in which MHC-II remains arrested in acidic intracellular compartments enriched in LAMP-1 (lysosome-associated membrane protein 1), and MHC-II internalization is also blocked.

The observed cytotoxicity was MHC unrestricted since B2B2 derived effector cells killed RP9 target cells (B2B15) equally well compared to MHC mismatched 2 D8 targets (B19B19).

Whereas CD8+ T cells detect antigens presented on MHC class I molecules by infected or transformed cells, natural killer (NK) lymphocytes eliminate target cells with downregulated MHC class I expression.

For MHC II presentation targeting Ag to Clec12A enabled significant responses by both immature CD8+ and CD8- DCs, whereas Clec9A did not elicit significant MHC II Ag presentation by either DC subset, resting or mature.

CTL clones specific for three Pol peptides and one Gag peptide killed HLA-A,3303-restricted target cells infected with HIV-1 recombinant vaccinia, indicating that these peptides were naturally processed HLA-A,3303-restricted CTL epitopes.

The most significant HLA-A2 assembly was obtained in the presence of peptides known to be targets for HLA-A2-restricted cytotoxic T lymphocytes (influenza matrix M.

The data show that HLA-B63-positive individuals indeed mounted responses to previously identified HLA-B57-restricted epitopes as well as towards novel, HLA-B63-restricted CTL targets that, in turn, can be presented by HLA-B57 and HLA-B58.

Experiments performed with CD3-blocking Abs and MHC-mismatched targets demonstrated that the IL-12-enhanced activity was MHC restricted and dependent on cells bearing CD3.

Inhibition of major histocompatibility class II (MHC-II) on target cells or CD4 on CD4(dim) CD8(bright) T cells diminishes their anti-HIV responses, suggesting that CD4 on effector cells and MHC-II on target cells provides an additional arm of contact between effector and target cells which is critical to CD4(dim) CD8(bright) T-cell function.

CTL antiviral activity is dependent on recognition of antigenic peptides associated with MHC class I molecules on infected target cells, and CTL activation can be impaired by Nef-mediated down-regulation of MHC class I molecules.

CTLs can acquire MHC class I-peptide complexes from their target cells, whereas CD4(+) T cells obtain MHC class II-peptide complexes from APCs in a TCR-specific manner.

This downregulation does not always affect all MHC loci in the same way, as viruses target particular MHC molecules.

A recent prospective clinical trial in Taiwan has indicated that HLA-B,1502 screening will reduce the incidence of life-threatening adverse reactions to carbamazepine, while a genome-wide association study has identified the HLA-A,3101 allele as a genetic risk factor for the full spectrum of carbamazepine-induced cutaneous adverse drug reactions in a European population.
